Loyalty and friendship within the law breaking club of SAMCRO and the Sons of Anarchy is done so well, that you forget that these guys are bad, like really bad. Between killing, stealing and dealing there is this lovable part of each of the main characters that makes you look at what it means to be placed in a situation that makes it almost impossible to change the course of your life. 

Sons focuses on Jax, played by Brit Charlie Hunnamm, and his inherited VP station within the SAMCRO. Jax, from the beginning struggles with the ideas of SAMCRO and those he has subsequently grown up with after the death of his father when he was young. His mother, played by the amazing Katey Sagal puts new meaning into the words 'Proud Mama'. If anything Gemma (Sagal) is two parts crazy bitch and one part mama. I love her in this role because she is so tough and has to be because she is surrounded by ruthless men who wish to bring her family down. Gemma is now married the Clay Marrow (Ron Perlman), leader of the Sons and they play well together and in the tender moments of husband and wife, there is a real sense that they too struggle with the life choices that they have made and they question how to continue this game of death and dealing. Such as Clay says- 'no health care, no savings' Clay is aging fast and with age comes the realization that perhaps the road he has traveled has in fact taken him the wrong direction.

The show, which just began its 4th season is packed with action, love, lust, guns and drugs- all the things that makes a great show. As the audience, the strong lead characters pull you in and make you understand that not all things in life are black and white- that sometimes loyalty and family forces you to do things that you would not normally do. The outcomes of those difficult choices do not just alter the lives of those involved, but even those who you do not know.

There is a lot of sex, violence and language in this show that adds to the destructive patterns that the characters continually fall into. 

Either way though, I root for the boys of SAMCRO- because that is what loyalty is about and after three masterful season they have earned it.