I love the internet... We all do!! You can find anything you want, anything you DON'T want, and it's that last point that makes me write this 'review'.... See, the thing i don't like about the 'net, is that everybody becomes a critic. An expert. Someone who decides to completely put down another man's work, desecrate it, and think they are cool. Make stupid comments, say things like 'I never knew what SAMCROW meant, as it was not explained'... Well, if you didn't know what it meant, you really shouldn't be writing a review about it!! It was OBVIOUS what it meant! Like another 'reviewer' who said (after hating season 1, 2 yet still watches up to 3 and beyond!) 'when they get to Northern Ireland it's laughable! I mean, no passports, and they arrive in another country'!! Well, expert, in the same episode when they are stopped by the police in Ireland and they are asked to produce their passports, and they do.......!! See what i'm getting at? My favorite though, is a 'reviewer' who commented on the lead actors 'awful American accent!' Well, if it was so awful, how did you know it was American?? Did you not notice the bad (not awful) Irish accents? Someone else said, 'for a program about a motorcycle club, they don't ride their bikes much'?!!? WHAT???? How two rival clubs became friends? Some people REALLY didn't get that!! 4 words. WATCH.THE.SHOW.AGAIN. It will then become clear... And this is before getting to people who write about 'characters lack of depth', like they would know!! For goodness sake. If you don't like it, say you don't like it, but don't try and be something you are not. Like, clever.

So, this could be applied to any film,TV series... For example, i tried Breaking Bad, and i couldn't get into it. But at no point did i feel compelled to slag off another mans/woman's art, as I have left, and will not leave anything to the world of Entertainment, as will most of you. Nobody that writes these reviews came up with an idea, was given $/ £millions to make a program...So, before being stupid, writing drivel (like this maybe?!), please, just think about what you will write first? For example, read 'U.N. Owen from NYC' review below...See? Drivel... And 'he works in front of and behind the camera...' Of course you do....

Anyway, I liked this show,as did many other people, hence the 6 soon to be 7 series... If shows are bad, ratings tell all, and no more shows are made? Right? Right. That's all you need to know!!