Borrowing heavily from Christopher Nolan's "Dark knight" trilogy, and "Batman Begins" in particular, adding in a cast of uniquely annoying Americans, a load of flashbacks, and a highly improbable character, who the writers are even afraid to refer to by name, "Arrow", to me, is quite simply magic, in the truest sense of the world. Because, for some unknown reason, it's an incredibly good series, with a finale which left me gaping. Not even "Fringe" could do that.

So, what's the secret of the green guy with the bow then? How do soap-opera heavy story lines of bickering families full of people with massive egoes, and very little acting talent, with the thinnest scraping of urban street fighting, make for such an enjoyable run of episodes?

First off, the first three episodes are quite frankly terrible, and nearly destroy the entire concept. But, persevere, and you will be richly rewarded. From episode 4, things pick up considerably, until they reach a climax of perfection with The Huntress' two parter - episodes 7-8, and episodes 9 and 10 are consistently good. Then, the whole thing sort of goes off track again, with complication upon un-necessary complication, and the Robert Queen journal is put into mothball, as Oliver kind of forgets what he's supposed to be up to, and fights random, usually quite annoying criminals, like The Count, the absolute nadir of the show. The two part finale, whilst literally ripping off the exact plot of "Batman Begins", is suitably epic in scale, and delivers shock upon shock, and made me realise that I'd enjoyed this show more than any Marvel film. This, is the way forward, one of the few Nolan clones, which works.

As for the cast, Stephen Amell is someone you will grow to like, as he gets more comfortable in the role (He's definitely rather weak to start off with, in those crucial first three episodes), but most importantly, whilst not being a brilliant actor, he is a likable enough personality. The star of the show, in terms of acting, is David Ramsey, playing a half Dr Watson, half Alfred to Amell's vigilante. Ramsey is charismatic, and totally at ease in his role, easily the best actor in the show. Katie Cassidy playing Dinah Laurell Lance, is annoying, and prone to bouts of whinging, which get on your nerves, as does Willa Holland, Queen's younger sister, who at times, is the most annoying person in the show, hands down. Colin Donnell, playing Tommy Merlyn, Queen's best buddy, is another talentless effort, who stumbles through his lines like a robot. Susanna Thompson - pretty much the same, but less annoying. Paul Blackthorne, playing the unwashed police father to Laurell Lance, constantly poses, and doesn't have a genuine bone in his body. Cotton Haynes, as a juvenile delinquent version of Roy Harper, the same. Emily Bett Rickards, as convenient plot gap filler, Felicity Smoak, a computer nerd, is again all show, but mildly charming in a deeply irritating fashion.

The guest cast, thankfully, is better - John Barrowman is an excellent corporate main villain, and even Alex (River Song) Kingston shows up as Laurell's mother. For comic fans, you'll get the pleasure of seeing a brilliant rendition of Deathstroke, a less brilliant Deadshot, a pretty cool, but totally changed Royal Flush Gang, and Kelly Hu's China White. But as I said, the highlight is most definitely the Huntress - played with style and panache by Jessica De Gouw.

The series makes extensive use of flashbacks to Oliver's island ordeal, and a rather implausible storyline about hired mercenaries, in which Olly's going to learn to do his thing. More training, and less killing tons of guys in black balaclavas would be nice, but who can argue with Deathstroke, the most awesome thing in the whole show? Shame he's killed half way through. For series 2, I'd like more ideology, and symbolism in the island stuff, counteracting the action in the main narrative.

The story lines are generally very character driven, with around five minutes of arrow packing action an episode on average. Not much, but generally worth waiting for, because the fight scenes are well worked out, and generally exciting, in spite of their Dark Knight style editing. Acrobatics and parcourt are used extensively, to give a functional feel to Oliver's combat system.

The characterisation tends to suggest that all these characters are very narrow minded, as they continually over-react to the smallest things. A lot of ego-trips, posing about, and people coming out with things like "Stop Judging Me!", and "I'm not who you think I am", and "Why did you lie to me?", as well as just about the entire cast at some point telling Oliver that they wished he'd died on the island (including Olly himself in the last episode.) All rather tiresome, but there's some nice ideology in there too, as well as perhaps the closest match to an actual comic book feel I've ever seen for any superhero adaptation,with tons of dilemmas, and secret identity crises. To be honest, it feels a lot like seventies and eighties Spider Man comics. Not bad at all. 

So, overall, it's definitely a grower. Maybe they never call him Green Arrow - instead opting for the likes of "Hood Guy" (Yeah, THAT sounds cooler...), but it's an earnest, and enjoyable show, even if it does fluctuate rather in terms of quality. Put it like this, I'm looking forwards to Season 2 considerably, and, whiny soap opera or not, it's got a lot more character in it than Marvel movies. Hopefully, Arrow will be the way forwards, carrying the Nolan torch into a dark urban world, and giving us a ray of hope. A work of art? No. Entertaining? Undoubtedly.