I had very low expectations going in for a show on a network for which the usual offerings were off-putting to say the least. Granted, the CW occasionally knocks one out of the park when they take a chance on something the other networks wont touch. I watched pretty consistently when the CW was home to "Veronica Mars" and "Smallville". But everything else was mostly uninteresting and felt like an unbearable waste of time. Aside from that first impression, the fact that it was reported there would be no fictional continuity to the DC property (Smallville) that I did enjoy on the network implied there would be no attempt by the producers to capitalize on one fan base the CW already had.

With the justification that "I'll try it just once", I was pleasantly surprised to not hate the show as I expected to after the first episode. The writing felt a little stilted at time, but it wasn't too bad. I guess, after having gotten used to the genius of Joss Whedon, everything else just seems bland. However, a few things stood out in a very good way. Stephen Amell managed to create a character that is mostly sympathisable, which isn't necessarily easy when said character turns out to be a larger-than-life vigilante hero. It isn't fair to compare, but he brings to mind David Boreanaz's Angel - which is meant to be a complement, as such characters are compelling enough to carry a show like arrow even if the other aspects are not up to par.

Fortunately, Amell isn't the only gem in the cast. Oliver's little sister - Thea, is played by the young and beautiful Willa Holland, whom I've been dying to see in more productions since I first noticed her in "Garden Party" and the subsequent, embarrassingly horrible "Legion". She mentioned in a featurette interview for the show that the writer are going to have some interesting things in store for her character. Let's hope the result doesn't disappoint.

The production value lends itself to be taken seriously as opposed to the self-parodying, campy, hack job the way some of Sam Raimi's stuff for the WB was presented. Good stunt jobs aside, I've always been a sucker for archery-themed shows. And in this regard, Arrow doesn't disappoint. I'm looking forward to following the broadcasts for the rest of the season and wish this series success. With a bit of luck and the talents and hard work of everyone involved in production, the series may just the chance to mature and find a wider more receptive audience.