A lot of the reviews for the show say that Arrow isn't any good because it's repetitive, unoriginal, poorly-scripted, etc., and I completely disagree. THIS SHOW IS ABOUT HOW OLIVER QUEEN BECOMES THE GREEN ARROW. It's meant to be an origins story, so I agree when people say the characters (especially Oliver) make the same mistakes more than once, but it's supposed to be that way. This show is meant to portray how Oliver Queen went from being consumed by darkness (as Arrow) to being a symbol of hope for Star City (as Green Arrow). Oliver has a really messed up background, and this story tries to explain how he overcame his definite trust issues and overbearing protectiveness to BECOME A HERO. I never read the comics or anything like that, but my main reason for loving this show is because of the character evolution. It's crazy to watch the current season and go back to watch the first episodes of season 1 because the show is so incredibly different now. Oliver has gone from being a murderer to becoming a hero, and that means the tone of the show has changed entirely. 

Something else you have to remember when watching this show is that it's television. Every show (especially the ones on the cw) needs drama to survive. You have to keep the show interesting, and the characters have to be doing something new every season, or it'll get stale. So far, the writers have done a pretty good job at this. They do recycle old material ever now and then, but they've done an okay job so far. I will admit that the first couple seasons had a lot of filler episodes, but so far in season 4, there haven't been many (if any at all) that didn't directly go back to main big bad of the season. There have been a couple that were meant to set up the new show Legends of Tomorrow that I could have lived without though.

I will agree with other viewers when they say the show can be inconsistent because there are a couple of things that tend to get annoying. Like Laurel Lance. The character doesn't serve any purpose that someone else can't fill, and I'm still trying to figure out how she got so good at fighting within like 5 episodes. And is she even a lawyer anymore? Things like this are why I couldn't give the show all 10 stars. All in all, though, Arrow is one of my favorites, and I'll continue to watch it until the series finale.