The following are part of my first review of the TV Show: First of all, the title. Just Arrow, CW? So that means when you create a Wonder Woman TV show, are you just going to call it Wonder, or Woman?! Secondly, what's with the severe lack and need of a mask for the main protagonist. Nobody wonders why Ollie Queen who is wearing only a hood and eyeshadow is beating up bad guys or telling hostages to "move!" or "I'll take care of him!" Sorry, but it's not a very good disguise...AT ALL. ** And the season is finished...and what a dud! Talk about cheesy moment after let's copy Batman Begins cheesy moments. The lead up to Speedy or Red Arrow was interesting, but more of...oh what am I talking about, the show ended up becoming more of a product placement advertisement for Microsoft and asking the teen audience to not text while driving... god..that last episode gave me eye cancer. Stephen Amell, you are a good Oliver Queen, but man you are letting the CW hurt you more than you need to. Put on a damn mask already. And give us more DC related action, not awkward let's fight John Barrowman action.

Second season outlook: Damnit! Arrow knows how to play with my emotions. I gave this show a 6/10 before because it did give CW viewers exactly what I expected it during that first season. It was HARD to get through. I only did it because I'm such a DC fan boy and I wanted to see how far the train wreck would go. (Please note that I've only watched one episode of Smallville, and that was way too much for me as well, so I'm sort of new to CW shows.) Then BOOM! This season comes out of no where. More DC references pop up and they are actually well done! It's like the cast finally stepped up their A-Game and kept my attention. The only dud still in the pot is Laurel's actress, but then Felicity's actually made me care about her. Episode 9 of this season just finished and holy crap I want more of it. The Slade/DeathStoke reveal was a bit cheesy in a James Bond villain fashion, but like Ollie's mask, it's nice to finally see that eye patch. Then the tease/origin of Barry Allen's superhero origin, and even before that, a villain like Solomon Grundy! A few set backs like China White returning and the Bronze Tiger (i.e. black Wolverine, man poor Michael Jai White), popping up. The one character I was afraid of CW screwing up, is actually working out well. I'm talking about Black Canary (even though she's still wrong, but hey! she's more interesting than the other Lance in the family). Whomever is writing this show, either you got better, or they made the right choice hiring you. Please keep it up. I still have my issues with some of the DC element placement, but I'll admit this is probably the best DC vigilante show you are going to get. Seriously though, how many more Gotham villains are you going to pull into Star, I mean Starling city? You know what, since Zack Snyder and David S. Groyer can't figure out how to place this show in the assumed DC cinematic universe, why don't you go ahead and just change Arrow to The DC Showcase. Let's bring some more DC heroes into the show, but don't pull a Smallville with the JSA episodes.