Creating live-action comicbook adaptations comes with a risk. For starters, you begin the game with the racial bonus of a big, rabid fanbase. Of course, the mass and the degree of rabidness here are direct functions of popularity, and if you decide to work with a rather obscure title, the bonus reduces accordingly. On the other hand, this also sort of imposes a certain responsibility on the creators, as they are compelled to pander to the existing fanbase by way of peppering the flick with lots of fanservice, avoiding plot twists which would send the fans into a berserker rage, and so on. Choosing not to limit yourself with the guidelines set by the original work is akin to choosing not to play your half-orc as a barbarian. Feasible, but wasteful. The bigger the fanbase, the bigger the waste. So, there you have it, a double-edged sword.

Arrow is a reimagination of the popular DC franchise, the Green Arrow. A reinvention of its rather famous characters and recreation of major story lines. And a whole other slew of new-age terms which mean, "Okay, we can still milk the heck out of this cow; all we gotta do is start with a story, tack names from the comics on our characters, and make stuff up as we go, calling this a Green Arrow adaptation all the way."

May sound harsh, but the truth is, the producers decided to start out with a half-orc mage, and the characters and setting bear scant resemblance with the original comic, even after four seasons and all those comments over how they will grow closer to their classic counterparts as the series goes on. Apparently the producers thought they could do what Nolan did with Batman and tried to make a show based on classic superhero fantasy but without the fantasy. That obviously did not do, however; avoiding spoilers here, the series began including more and more surreal elements after the first season, so maybe that is what them creators meant by bringing the show closer to its roots. But this Oliver Queen still has nothing to do with the playful, charming Ollie the fans know and love. Due to all the brooding and grit, people compared him to Batman rather than Green Arrow. I call bogus. He straight-up started out as the Punisher. He is just barely growing out of it.

So why 8 out of 10? Because it is jolly good fun. And suspense. The writing is not Shakespearean, but all these twists and turns and cliffhangers always keep you on your toes and make for an all-around entertaining experience. The flashbacks allow for organic character development, actually displaying why who is doing what at the present, making sense of decisions by showing where people come from, or even sometimes characters coming to understand the lesson the flashback scenes taught them back then. Coincidences may appear to come out of nowhere at times, though, but they are excusable for the most part, owing to the fact that every comicbook story needs the odd deus ex machina here and there. Dramatic conversations, however...well, the dialogue comes across intolerably cheesy and forced more often than not, prompting you to yell, "Oh, for the love of..." But then they go back to the action, and the action is pretty good. The production quality is on par with a typical action movie, and yes, I am talking theatrical release here.

Faithfulness to the source material be damned; these folks are telling their own story and they are doing a darn good job about it. So if you are just interested in good old popcorn entertainment, promise yourself not to cry "What have they done to my Ollie? And where is the beard?!" and get on it. Oh, yeah. No beard. Sorry about that. Only a stubble. Does it count as a spoiler? Because I am not checking the spoiler tag just for the beard.