For all those bashing this show, they clearly don't understand what it is all about. First of all, People saying that it is a Nolan Ripoff just don't understand the character. Green Arrow in the comics, in his lore, is similar to Batman. They have similar back stories, are returning billionaires and share being "normal" human beings without superpowers. The show creators couldn't change that. Secondly, I do think this show started off a bit weak, with the Pilot moving too fast to get him into the hood and most of the cast a bit awkward with their roles, but as the first season progressed, it became increasingly good. They sorted out their pacing problems for the most part, and the characters by the end of the season had grown to be much more comfortable in their roles. They actually delivered powerful performances in the finale. Now, a LOT of people are unhappy with how this show fails at realism. To them I say, don't just see the first couple of episodes and judge. Yes, it does seem unlikely that Oliver Queen became a martial artist/expert archer/hacker/parkour expert by spending 5 years alone on an island. But the show does delve into his past a lot and gives reasonable explanations throughout. This is also my favorite part of the series, the flashbacks. These become increasingly interesting and mysterious and compliment the narrative wonderfully. On his 'mask' being ridiculous, it works for what they show. He is mostly in the shadows and/or hidden to be seen anyway and when he does fight, he moves fast enough to not be seen. Besides, they again have to stay true to the comic books and even so, all you can really see is his lower jaw, the same as Batman. Also, he still has more of a mask than Superman ever did. I also liked how the show used his bodyguard in the show. Diggle took up the mantle on a couple of occasions, giving Oliver the perfect alibi and completely disproving the assumption that he is the Arrow. This is something I have not seen any other superhero do really and I thought it was well done. The action in this show is also pretty good, considering it's a TV show. The one place it does fall through is the drama. It does get a bit excessive at times but one has to see that CW has to appeal to its main audience base; one that is used to the melodramatics. The actors, as previously stated, have really become comfortable with their characters. Stephen Amell in particular, has abandoned the slightly stoic persona and shows the naïve-ish Oliver queen versus the fright inducing vigilante quite well now. His portrayal of the old Oliver on the island and the contrast to the present Oliver is also well executed. Katie Cassidy does well in patches, she still does seem to be lacking but its not too bad. The rest of the cast is fine. People complaining about Thea have to understand that her character is supposed to be rebellious, considering what all she has gone through even if it is a cliché. One character I did not like was Helena. I feel like that was a casting error more than anything, but it was still disappointing. Overall, I think that this show is very good and it honestly surprised me a lot. It seems to be improving with every subsequent episode and I thoroughly recommend it. Please do not listen to the negative comments.