Let me start off by saying the first two seasons were great. Season 1 set up all the characters, and introduced us to characters from the DC universe at a reasonable pace. The action was good, the acting was occasionally off-putting, but mostly solid. Season 2 upped everything tremendously. The villain, Slade Wilson (AKA Deathstroke) was incredibly well-acted, physically menacing and he had understandable motivation. To him, Oliver had killed the love of his life and he wanted to take an eye for an eye, somewhat literally in this case. His actions also had lasting repercussions, seeing as he murdered Oliver's mother and devastated the city with what amounted to super-soldiers. Season 3 looked to continue the trend. However, one thing in particular seemed to spoil these good vibes: The Oliver/Felicity relationship that carried over from the season 2 finale. It turned Felicity, a strong, smart and all-around admirable female character, into someone who was only there so she could provide moral opposition to Oliver's actions. Not only that, but it reeked of nothing but fan-service. Felicity clearly had something for Oliver since the beginning, but there had been no sign of those feelings being reciprocated. Ra's Al Ghul was a great villain, and the mid-season fight between him and Oliver was great, but his death was very underwhelming. It also broke all suspension of disbelief when Oliver was stabbed in the sternum and kicked off of what looked like a 40+ foot drop and yet could survive without any permanent injury! One more personal gripe is how the show screams, "We're dark and edgy, there is no such thing as fun" all the time. The only instance in which I can recall Laurel smiling is when she crossed over into the Flash show. Also, correct me if I am wrong, all of the action in the show takes place in the dead of night, aside from the flashbacks. This seems like it might change with season 4, but I think Daredevil nailed the right balance of humour and grittiness.

I adored the first two seasons, and I was a fan of the third up until the 2/3 mark or so. It is a great show, at least for the first two seasons, and those aforementioned seasons are a must- watch to me, as long as you are a fan of superheroes.