Arrow is about a billionaire named Oliver Queen who ends up shipwrecked on an island and forced to turn himself into a weapon to survive. Five years pass when he is finally saved and after finding out on the island that his father wasn't the man he thought he was, he returns home to Starling City and makes it his mission to right his father's wrongs.

The story has been mostly enjoyable and as we are now up to season 4 I have found certain seasons to be better than others. While the main stories have been enjoyable, the flashback approach of explaining the character's origins (while being useful in the first couple of seasons) is starting to become a bit of a tired method and hopefully they wrap it up to a satisfying conclusion soon. The show has taken a "bad guy of the week" approach since the start which has been mostly successful, however the main story involving a different primary antagonist for each season have been the highlight. 

Stephen Amell plays the titular character and was a great choice to play a young version of the Green Arrow character still learning his craft. Without listing them all, the supporting cast are quite mixed with some of them being great additions to 'Team Arrow' and some being quite unlikeable.

From the start it has been noticeable that a lot of the shows style is taken from the Chris Nolan Dark Knight trilogy but as I am a huge fan of those movies that is nothing but praise from me. While the show does have the feel of a quality production, the action choreography can be average at times. There are indeed some fantastic fight scenes but sometimes the action can be quite boring.

Also, this show exists in the same universe as channel CW's other show 'The Flash' and the crossover episodes between these 2 DC characters have been a lot of fun.

I wasn't sure what to expect when I first saw the trailer for this show, but after 3 seasons I think the creators have been faithful enough to the source material while making their own interesting creative decisions. If you're a fan of superheroes or action in general, definitely check out Arrow!