I wonder if people on here have actually seen anything past the 10th episode, because this thing got off to a rocky start. It stumbled, fell, and almost died on its way to the ER, but somewhere, the acting started coming together. After being squelched and tweaked, most of the cast departed from the soap opera plague that infested it, early on.

Arrow borrows a little from Nolan, but does it well. Reminiscent of Bruce Wayne, Alfred Pennyworth, and Luscious Fox, Oliver provides raw emotion to the quest, Diggles his moral center, and Felicity, in a Freudian id, ego, superego tug-of-war, provides a pragmatic middle ground. Like the Dark Knight series, the name of the hero is very loosely associated with the depicted character. "Green Arrow" is actually called "lame" in the single time it was mentioned. A huge departure from the Nolanesque is the character's willingness to kill those that stand in his way. He racks up quite a tally, and isn't really sorry about it.

The origin story is interspersed within the actual real-time story line, which reflects on the character. Oliver's transformation happens quickly in places, and shows that he is tougher than he appears, but the naivety on the island isn't as convincing as his hardened demeanor after his island trial-by-fire. That makes me believe that the island cut scenes were shot before the rest of the season, making it impossible for the cast to form the close working relationships that would naturally happen, later.

Villains are not superhuman, and their place is more of a conspiracy, rather than a target of revenge (Diggle's brother, aside). Oliver's quest isn't about revenge, it's about going down a list, and checking names off as these names get offed. Some episodic deviations occur, and should be overlooked, as the overall story arc is actually pretty good.

Playing Oliver Queen, Stephen Amell is physically devoted to the roll. More than just a few of the stunts look like they were done by him, and nobody should doubt his dedication to the physical prowess of his character. 

For all of its weaknesses, Arrow takes enough from Nolan to make itself a solid base, and makes for a good TV adaptation. I give it an 8/10, but a rock solid 8/10, with room to move up.

Watch it through to the middle of the season, you might be surprised.