After reading that this series was "trying to be gritty and dark like the Nolanverse Batman", based on my contempt for the Dark Knight Rises and gradual decreasing opinion of Dark Knight I decided to avoid this show completely.... How wrong was I?

I suppose the fact I have never read a Green Arrow comic may have helped. I always viewed the character as a very camp, poor man's Batman when he or Arsenal (who I did like) crossed paths with any of the Bat- family. This however is a slightly more dark and sinister Green Arrow who doesn't have a problem with killing people. There are elements which feel very similar to Batman Begins and since the first season is his first year as "the Hood" I think it was unavoidable since both character's have similar back stories. 

The pacing of the episodes is good, I got sucked into the story enough that I didn't spend half my time looking for flaws. The action/fight sequences are fast and well choreographed except for the pilot episode where you feel like he's an 80's action hero, (seriously, out in the open, surrounded by guys with automatic weapons, and none of them could hit the side of a Battleship if they tried? Come on!).

As with all series there will be some rubbish episodes and bad casting choices, basically the ones with Helena Bertinelli aka. the Huntress were particularly poor and the choice in actress, well she just isn't sexy enough or athletic enough for the role so I just hope she doesn't come back.

It does not take itself too seriously and there are some humorous moments including a few DC in-jokes. It isn't perfect yet but it has the potential to be as long as it doesn't follow Smallville's strategy of - lets build the series to an ominous finale aaaand then give the fans a steaming pile of crap.

Finally I state this for all the 1 star reviewers who are clearly Nolan fan-boys (you watch the pilot and think you can have a valid opinion on an entire series? Suuuure!). This is not a pretentious, pseudo-philosophical artsy show, it is entertainment pure and simple. So if you think DKR is the best film of all time just don't bother watching this show, you will find every reason to hate it, so just pop in your worn out DVD and watch it for the 400th time the rest of us don't really care what you think!