The other Marvel on Netflix shows have been okay to sometimes good but tended to drag. The "superhero" aspect tended to be downplayed sometimes and it got into more of a drama series with someone who just happened to have superpowers. I always enjoyed the Luke Cage comic books although some of the more recent changes (in cartoons) have not been to my liking so I had low expectations for this NetFlix series. WOW was I surprised! 

THIS was the Luke Cage I remembered reading about in the comic! His superpowers were no big deal to him and he did not whine about being different. He has virtually impenetrable skin and super strength but they do not define him nor make him feel better or worse about himself. I hate superhero shows where the character is conflicted because he has all this power or ability and wishes to be "normal". Luke is still just Luke. He has powers, he is an escaped criminal, he has many aspects but he is still who he is. The character development for him is well told and engaging. 

Mike Colter is from Columbia SC so that was good to see. I wanted Terry Crews for Luke Cage but now I cannot imagine anyone being better than Mike Colter. I thought his acting was great and the changing look (sometimes with more hair or beard) were well played. He really did terrific and muscled just the right amount. 

The other characters were also great. Mariah was detestable in the right way. Diamondback was great. Cottonmouth (although not super powered which is my only complaint about him) was wonderful. My favorite was Shades though so I hope we will see him, and that actor, again. His eyes and general demeanor were just perfect. Rosairo Dawson's Claire really fit well into the story and I liked her better that her prior appearances.

Some people do not like the show because of "black power" stuff but it is important to remember that the character was created during the blaxtoyplation phase of Hollywood so it was designed to be that way. I am not black but I felt it hit the right notes to stay true to the origins (taking place in Harlem and so forth) while also being relevant. 

I cannot say enough good things about this series and I cannot wait for another season or for Luke to turn up on other shows. My biggest complaint is the they only showed Luke once in his iconic yellow shirt, blue pants and chain but at least they showed it (with great explanation of why he was wearing them). At least a lot of people referred to him as Power Man (much more than I was expecting) and he kept saying his catchphrase "Sweet Christmas".