The writing on the wall is evident for this show early on, when Elliott ridicules someone for liking GEORGE W. BUSH'S DECISION POINTS and Josh Groban. Elliott is the main character in the story; he's no "hero" in my book. He has great hacking skills but somehow is "trapped" in his job and life. He even takes morphine, but he's oh-so-careful about it so he can rationalize that he's not an addict. He talks about heroes turning out to be phony, then we see people like Lance Armstrong and Bill Cosby. Why not include a picture of Obama in that group? Oh, right. It's because the show's creators probably love Obama!

When Elliott's not busy stalking his psychiatrist's boy friend or sleeping with his morphine supplier, he comes across Mr. Robot and his fellow hackers. Mr. Robot had a father who rationalized stealing by saying that everyone steals, and – surprise – that people don't get their "fair" share in life (i.e. that most people get too little and a few get way too much). In this episode, he wants to hack into E corporation, which even Elliott calls "Evil Corporation" which is evil because...well, apparently because it's big. He wants to wipe out all their debt information so that he can accomplish "the biggest redistribution of wealth ever." (Well, at least he's upfront about it.) Never mind that people took on all that debt for some legitimate service. Apparently he feels the world would be better off if those consumers just got all their money back and the big evil corporation gets taken down a notch. Elliott is about to expose his organization to E Corporation, but changes his mind when their boss is rude to his incompetent co-worker. He changes his mind and frames the boss for the hacking scheme and debt destruction, raising his arms in triumph like Rocky when the innocent boss is arrested on bogus charges.

Elliott is a disturbing, judgmental guy who frankly I couldn't care less about. The only nice thing I can say about him is that at the end it turns out he likes dogs. Considering the show's obvious Liberal bias, perhaps the biggest surprise about the pilot episode is that in the opening scene Elliott takes down a genuine dealer in child pornography and not, say, some decent, honest baker or photographer who simply doesn't want to participate in a gay "wedding." I wasted 45 minutes of my life watching this nonsense; I'm happy to say I won't be wasting another second on it.