This is the first review I've written for IMDb despite being a site user for 5+ years. 

The first episode of this show has promise. It wasn't great, and it wasn't perfect, but the premise of the show was interesting. Plus, who didn't love that awesome montage in the shrink's office? That was great. So we headed to episode two amidst concerns it could be getting a little too...well, mainstream media's idea of what "edgy hackers" are.

It was downhill from episode 2 on. Basically, this show is a simplistic comic book version of The Matrix, Fight Club and what Hollywood thinks Anonymous is. It is not cool. It is not edgy. It is not geek culture, whatever that means anymore. Fight Club did a lot of this better and Hollywood considered that movie edgy 15 years ago. Hollywood. Which means it stopped being edgy before that. 

This show, in a nutshell, should be retitled "How USA's Marketing Department Created a TV Show in an Attempt Exploit "Geek" Culture to Rake In Advertising Dollars."

SPOILER ALERT

Our protagonist is packaged nicely in a wrapper that the Target Demographic can relate to: a guy who's above average in intelligence, suffers from social anxiety, feels like an outsider, and longs to change the world because he is disillusioned with the hypocrisy and greed of society. In some not very clever writing and via the use of not at all subtle plot devices, the opening scene shows basically what Hollywood imagines tech-savvy males age 18-49 want to see: themselves, only better.

There are some interesting techniques used in this show, but unfortunately the show itself is frankly shallow and not very intelligent. Yes, talk of "the man" and socioeconomic inequality and capitalism is thrown in to make it seem smarter, in easily digestible chunks that we've all heard before. The characters are laughably unrealistic -- if you've ever spent any time in New York, you'll probably eye-roll at the overly stylized characters as well. 

This show is meant to be a comic book to tap into the perceived helplessness of the audience in order to get them to do two things: watch, to boost ratings, and to then do the marketing for them. What's hilarious is that this entire message of "corporate greed must fall and we outsiders can see things normals can't" is being created BY A CORPORATION.

I can assure you (disclaimer: in my opinion) that USA Networks does not give a damn about the wealth gap. Nor do they care about big brother or corporate greed or the little guy. They're in this to make money. And why not? The target market of comic-book reading college educated Americans has a bucketful of disposable income to spend.

It's always interesting to see hacker and geek culture portrayed on TV. But for the love of God, allowing a mainstream TV show to elicit emotional responses to injustice and bureaucracy is ridiculous and not a little ironic. It's tempting to play pretend and I get people wanting to believe in this show, to feel like they're a part of something, etc. But you're better and smarter than that, guys. Aren't you? Because if not, the real EVIL corp had already won. And you helped them do it.