Alright, first time i've written a review on the internet about a movie. I've never really felt the urge until now. Why? Because, in my opinion, the reviews and grades that this movie has received are wrong. Really, really wrong. I was expecting something along the lines of Breaking Bad, House of Cards or maybe, maybe even the Wire. A deep, well-written, well acted, plot-driven masterpiece. I may seem superficial, but hey, it had a 9 on IMDb. It has gotta be good. And it really wasn't. The first episode had some promise. As some people have said before me, it had a Dexterish feel to it. The vigilante psychopath masquerading as a socially awkward guy.The drugs, the crying. The uniqueness of the protagonists face, his bulbous eyes. Very interesting. But my oh my, did it go downhill fast. The writing is very awkward, stilted and fragmented. Dialogue is an incredible cliché. The technical aspect of the show is badly researched. But much much worse, is the sort of angst pseudo-anarchism the main character follows. I should know, I have flirted with anarchism as a student. Bt what he says and does, is just this clichéd, depressed crap you can find on any Elmo forum. It has no depth or nuance. Rich people are bad, poor people are victims. When rich people are frustrated they beat up homeless people, accompanied by such a horrible cliché, when the homeless person asks for more money: "more money? spoken like a true capitalist!" PLease. Don't do that. Again, as other people have said: it's Fight Club. A bad Fight Club. Let's change the world by removing all debt. Yeah, that worked for Fight Club because it was a slightly cartoonish movie, which set rebellion as the means and goal. it wasn't meant to be taken seriously (and at the same time, it was). But this movie is meant to be taken seriously, and if you present something so utterly infantile as taking on debt databases of one single corporation as a solution for economic inequality, you are not being serious. At all. E Corp, or Evil Corp. What is this, a 30's comic? Main character changed in a few days from a semi psychopath to a angst junk. Not interesting as a character. The fsociety is meant to be some sort of representation of society, or something. Watching them interact hurts my teeth. You have the crazy tomboy with weird behavior (again, Fight Club), the Muslim girl (only one line in the series which had my attention, i really had to laugh: "She may look innocent, but she gotta lot of Allah Akbar in her") who is just there because she wears a headscarf, her character is as bland as cardboard. You have the streetwise black guy. You have the fat nerd. They are NOT interesting. They barely say anything at all. Group chemistry, nope. And their leader. A sort of anarchistic, freewheeling tramp who is meant to be actually superwise and stuff. He's not. He pushes someone off a bridge and give nothing of an explanation, accept that he sometimes gets mad or something. Now for the love interest, who I have named Miss Makeup. Because she wears too much makeup. She reminds me of a ex of one of my friends. Anyway, I don't find her interesting at all. She just walks behind E-li-ooot the whole dang time.I really have nothing else to say about her. Well, accept that, like any other character in the series, she does weird crap sometimes. Like being mad a E-li-oot for standing up for her. I forgot the bad guy. He is so, so, so bad. As in crap. He keeps saying stuff in french (because thats so evil) but he speaks a Scandinavian language. He ties up his wife and gags her, but does nothing with her, all the while being worried that tying someone up who is pregnant will hurt the baby. What was that all bout. Seriously.He is such a evil rich boy cliché. Yeah, slap yourself in the face, yeah you are worthless, yeah you've said your line wrong, slap yourself again. If you don't know to what I'm referring, he was practicing a promotion pitch in front of the mirror. He would slap himself every time he didn't like it. I liked it, because he was slapping himself. Only time I liked his screen presence. I hope he falls in a meat-grinder next time. Anyway, sorry for the ramble. Don't watch this, please. And if u do, write a review, tell your friends. If this is quality, if this is the future of quality TV, I'm never watching new productions again. Ill stick to effin books.