The title sums up my review. Truly, a masterpiece of craftsmanship and proof that television is worth watching. I am (very) late to the game and finally joined Netflix to see what all the hype was about. While the premise didn't exactly appeal to me (female, professional, in my 40s) watching "Breaking Bad" was an eye-opener. Walter White is the ultimate everyman (everywoman)--a mild-mannered, unassertive individual who lacks a sense of opportunism and aggressiveness that has left him--a formerly brilliant scientific researcher who contributed to Nobel-quality research--with a mediocre job teaching at a public high school with barely enough money to pay the bills and to support his pregnant wife, disabled son, and soon-to-be-born daughter. He is also diagnosed with terminal cancer on top of that. Although he turns to manufacturing meth out of desperation, he slowly metamorphoses into a ruthless drug kingpin. It's the kind of life ordinary people fantasize about but don't have the conjones or brains to do. This series is a rollicking good time and I expect my life to be put on hold for about another month or two until I finish watching.

Having a master's in a scientific discipline makes me also more hyperaware than your average film/TV show critic about scientific accuracy. I don't like it when a drama or film plays on the public's ignorance and Breaking is also somewhat guilt of this and I deducted a star for this. While fiction is permitted creative license (the Star Wars Death Star), a drama about making crystal meth and playing around with chemistry is not. Hydrofluoric acid cannot eat through a bathtub and thick wood floors or turn a human body into goo (try sulfuric acid, which is what they should have used). Fulminated mercury is extremely volatile and explosive (good job presenting this). A seasoned high-level drug distributor with an army of vicious thugs cannot be overwhelmed easily by a Jesse Pinkman; a Tuco in real life knows that someone can grab the gun he's stuck into the back of his pants and shoot him with it. This is police training 101. It is highly improbably that Jesse could have overtaken Tuco like that in the scene in Mexico.

For some reason Walt's character becomes a little bipolar in season 5. By season 5 he has become a malignant narcissist who believes in killing anyone who gets in his way. A few episodes later after he decides to quit making meth he starts acting more like the old, mild-mannered Walter White, at one point even telling Skylar to keep the money for herself and the kids after he dies of cancer. I'm no expert on human psychology but wasn't he a scary, menacing man a few episodes earlier who was completely oblivious to the feelings and needs of others and suddenly he is Mr. Rogers again? I think the writers need to read some more Freud or Dostoyevsky, yo.