The first thing that came to my mind about Breaking Bad was that it's a kind of modern-day MacGyver with drugs. Except that instead of a ridiculous mullet the main character has a moustache. And instead of fighting crime he commits it. Now that I think about it, it's really not like MacGyver at all. But there you go. Breaking Bad narrates the misadventures of Walter White (Bryan Cranston), a fifty-year-old, overqualified high school chemistry teacher who discovers he has terminal lung cancer. Having always been the quiet pushover type, Walter decides to man up and live the rest of his life on his own terms. In a desperate attempt to secure his family's financial future after his death, Mr. White starts cooking methamphetamine with Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul), a former student of his, and together they sell it to the local junkies of Albuquerque, New Mexico. However, Walter is a complete stranger to the intricacies of the demimonde and things don't go as smoothly as planned. The central storyline is one of an innocent chemistry teacher who gets sucked into a vortex of drug wars, death and business with mentally unstable criminals.

Still new to being an outlaw, Walter spends his days balancing between expensive cancer treatments, teaching at his school and keeping this huge secret from his family and friends at whatever cost. To make matters even more exciting, Walter's brother-in-law (Dean Norris) is a hilariously stereotypical federal agent at DEA, the Drug Enforcement Adminstration. Despite some difficulties in the beginning, Walter and Jesse actually manage to make a sort of breakthrough in the drugs market with their superior-quality product, and cause some unease at the DEA in the process. But the road towards the top of the proverbial food chain of the drug world is fraught with danger, setbacks and some very unexpected yet entertaining twists and turns. And most of the time the solution to Walter's problems lies in chemistry. He uses his knowledge of the subject like a cross between Batman and MacGyver to get out of various pickles along the way.

The cliché of Breaking Bad is the relationship between Walter and Jesse, two people from two different worlds who are forced to work together because they need to make money, but instead make a new friend. And some money. The whole concept would be heartwarming if it wasn't so old and obvious. The contrast between young and old, good and bad , educated and streetwise, it's all there to soften the tone of the show, and it actually works well enough. And in fairness, Walter and Jesse's friendship is far from Disney magic, as they habitually beat each other up and break off all contact. In the end, however, their mutual purpose of making lots of money always brings them back together, closer than ever. And everyone lives happily ever after. Not quite.

Breaking Bad is admittedly an interesting idea, at least. It doesn't happen very often that one finds oneself rooting for the drug dealer in the show, but Walter's apparent banality in the beginning and his endearing determination have the viewers on the edge of their seats every time he comes close to getting caught. Some time into the series the writers thought about introducing some comedy to the script, and it actually works surprisingly well. A subtle kind of humour very rarely seen in American TV shows can be found in some episodes from season 2 onwards, and they do add a little spice to the proceedings. After all, it's only so long you can entertain the great public by making a nice man do naughty things for a good cause before you have to think of something new. But so far Breaking Bad has been an impressive innovation that hasn't failed to surprise. The inclusion of the chemistry aspect provides the viewer with a little more brain stimulation than the average TV turd you see nowadays, which I find to be refreshing rather than a drag. The dialogue is well written, the characters believable, (even if half of them are about as likable as baby seal poachers), and the storyline unpredictable. All said and done, Breaking Bad is definitely one that's worth checking out.