After hearing about the god-like quality of Breaking Bad for months I decided I would watch it after I received all five seasons as a gift.

Seeing all the hype everywhere and seeing it being given the title of "GREATEST TV SHOW OF ALL TIME" over and over again I was eager to begin.

Season one is quite a disappointment. Simply put, it does not live up to the hype. One IMDb reviewer put it best by describing the entire first season of Breaking Bad as a pilot season, as opposed to the single typical pilot episode. This view I felt was incredibly accurate. The entire first season doesn't seem to have any real sense of direction, nothing much happens, and I was left feeling that the show was still a baby that hadn't learned how to walk or talk yet. After seven episodes, a show should be clearly defined - this was not. I told people how I felt and they cried "Oh no it gets better I promise you! Keep watching!" And I did...

Season two gets better - the plot being more entertaining than the first season - yet I still wasn't loving the show like I felt I should. It just felt so sluggish. Episodes were crammed with dull breakfast scenes and the oh-so-awful scenes with Walter Junior (Flynn?) in them. Again, reporting back to my friends, I was told "Don't stop! You're just getting to the good bit!" So I kept watching...

Seasons three and four were, on the whole, better than the first two seasons. But, I felt the show was making some incredibly silly mistakes. The two Mexican twin brothers? REALLY?! Talk about the most stereotypical antagonists ever. I seriously cringed when I saw them. Gus was far superior in every element and did this show some justice.

The fifth season is when I began really loving the show. And simply put: that is unacceptable. For a show to only become truly phenomenal in its final season does not warrant the title of "GREATEST TV SHOW EVER". I honestly did find the final season to be captivating, and I finally was eager to watch the next episode after finishing one. But this all came far too late. Countless hours of feeling mediocrely satisfied and nothing more undermined the capacity of this show to be the greatest TV show of all time. But then again - I do firmly believe no show can ever earn that title. "Greatest TV show of ITS time" is perhaps a more appropriate crown, but it most certainly does not sit upon the head of Breaking Bad.

A note on the characters: 

Skyler was fantastic. The transformation she goes through from the first season to the final one is remarkable and she absolutely aided the show in its quality.

I did not love Jesse. He was entertaining, sure, but I couldn't appreciate him or love him like some did. His stupid choices made it impossible for me to grow to like him.

Hank was an expertly written character. I much preferred the interactions between Hank and Walt to that of Jesse and Walt.

I had mixed emotions concerning Walter. I didn't particularly like his character, but - just like Skyler - the transformation Walt undergoes is simply incredible. Comparing him from the first season to the final season he is a totally different person: a changed man.

TL;DR - This show is great; excellent, even. But it was not, is not, and never will be the "GREATEST TV SHOW OF ALL TIME". The reason for this is that the show does not actually become great until seasons three and four, and it is only truly enthralling by the final season. One cannot surely hope to christen something with such a title that one has to sit through hours of mediocrity before the greatness finally comes. My friends said it best: "Oh but you can't stop yet! You're just getting to the good bit!". That is entirely the issue: it should ALL be good, and it is not. I shouldn't need to watch two seasons before I finally start enjoying it.

Also, the hype and people who christen this show the greatest of all time really do ruin it for people who come into the show expecting perfection, upon which it fails to deliver. The hype ruins this show without a doubt and prevents it from ever being anything more than great. 

It is absolutely worth watching, but please do not expect it to live up to the hype - it does not. It is the most OVERRATED show of ITS time, not the greatest.

*UPDATE* I failed to address one important aspect in my review of Breaking Bad: the acting. The acting is stellar, particularly by Bryan Cranston, Aaron Paul, Dean Norris and Anna Gunn. They all did a terrific job, all of the time. If this review concerned acting alone, I'd give it a 10/10.

*UPDATE 2* Upon watching the entire series again, I cannot deny that season 5 is absolutely brilliant. I truly loved it. Also, I can confirm that Walter Junior is the single most hateable character in television history.

A new criticism: the show occasionally ventures too far from realism. In season 3, what on earth was with that intro scene where the two twin brothers crawled along the dirt road to a house with candles inside and a sketch of Heisenberg? It was never addressed or explained at all.

With the finale episode: I have watched the coffee scene several times and at no point does Walter have the opportunity to give Lydia the Ricin poison. Also, he is shot in the side - by whom? Certainly not his machine gun as the bullets all fired well above his level. These are just a couple of plot holes I spotted upon viewing the second time around.