I HATE roughly 95% of all television shows that I've ever seen. It offends my intelligence, my world view, and pretty much everything else I hold dearly. Breaking Bad is still television...but its *good* television. Sure, there are some cringe-worthy moments. The presentation of the Salamanca brothers was down-right uncharacteristically cartoonish and silly, with their melodramatic silence and oh-so-menacing expressions. But I forgive Breaking Bad. Jesse is irritatingly familiar, the scumbag bro you hoped you wouldn't see at parties, played to perfection by Aaron Paul (I'm hoping its not one of those "Keaneau Reeves" scenarios, where he is actually ALWAYS an airhead). You just wanna smack a bro, at times. But I got over it, even grew to like this character at times. Funny, the way the writers play with us, so deftly injecting and removing our sympathies at the drop of a pork-pie hat. Without spoilers, I've had issues with some of season 5 as well, as some of the subtleties in Walt's development, some of his lines, seem to have been exchanged for the more predictable and cheesy TV/Hollywood tropes. And yet...I am still counting the months until July, when we'll all be put out of our collective, suspenseful misery. Hopefully, in a good way. Because, despite these and a few other missteps, I haven't been this engaged in a TV show since I can remember. 

For some reason, likely a surplus of spare time that we won't go into, I've now watched the first 4.5 seasons, twice. I am notoriously picky, and an infamous hater of most things that appear on the small screen. Why? Because TV most often lacks the focused creative genius that is allowed in film. There is no independent venue for TV, as there is for film. Either you're palatable to the larger American audience, or you don't make it past the pilot episode (assuming you aren't shooting for the dreaded network TV stations, where creativity and intellect are sacrificed at the whims of advertising dollars. I think I've vomited on the keyboard.) Amidst all of the prerequisite cartoon violence and melodrama, there are some absolutely poignant moments--and having watched a father of the same age (and similar life situation) encounter cancer--with a less spectacular outcome--I quickly noted that Walt's experience, sans descent into Scarface, was hauntingly realistic. The struggle of each character's encounter with existential malaise and disappointment, the will to survive, and the will to power, amidst all of the fantastic fictional elements, are incredibly real--and not just for Walt, but for almost every single character on the show; from Hank to Marie, Gus, Skylar, Mike, etc. Though I may not even agree with Gilligan's philosophical premises about the nature of morality (or maybe I do...I'll see how this ends!), I applaud the refreshing way in which it is being explored. Our protagonist constantly makes the wrong choices. Or were they wrong? We aren't exactly sure. Is there redemption? We don't know that, either. Now, again, you can bicker about the merits of this quandary, but the point is that this show is engaging enough to keep us guessing.