After quite a few avid suggestions I finally got myself to watch all 5 seasons of Breaking Bad. My opinion of the show was not always consistent through out. Initially I found the first season a bit difficult to get into and did not completely reach up to the hype that had been generated by everyone that suggested it to me. However, once I continued watching and reached season 3, I was hooked in ways that I have not been before. I found the character development to be extremely different than most of the other shows I have watched. Yes, I did find the plot and action thrilling, but the way in which the characters constantly battled the seduction of the darkness within them was most interesting. I am always used to finding some level of sympathy for characters, always looking for a rationalization to their actions good or bad. In the instance of Dexter, I began to accept who he was and his constant battle with himself and trying to find as balanced a morality as he could, allowed me to accept him. In the case of Walter White, after season 3 when he showed no sign of remorse for the child that had been murdered on the bike I was no longer able to find any justification for his actions. I was no longer able to sympathize with him, instead found him undeserving of any redemption or love for that matter. Being sucked into his own evil to that extent, and being at peace with it even at the last moment is no quality we look for in a hero. Although, as a viewer I was unable to love his character like a lot of other main characters, his story is one that will stand out. His character demonstrates the level at which circumstances can cause you to make a wrong choice. Initially, this choice was justifiable to a certain extent, but after a point it wasn't just about creating a better world for his family, it resulted in the surfacing of his inner evil and greed for power. Jesse on the other hand, was a character I could sympathize with. His constant struggle to right his wrong reflected some level of morality. There were some wrongs that were not justifiable and he was capable of acknowledging that unlike Walter, who would go to any limits to get what he wanted. Overall, Breaking Bad is definitely a show worth watching. It maintains a high degree of reality, keeps you on your edge with great acting; all of which are worthy of appreciation.