Okay so I will not lie. I was a bit hesitant at first to watch Narcos because I thought it would be either too generic or too ostentatious. But Netflix brand power and the ensemble cast won me over and I binged it the other day.

Guys, Narcos is definitely one of the best new shows to come out this year, hands down! And there are many reasons for that, some of which I try to cover below.

ACTING: 10/10. The works of Wagner Moura as Pablo Escobar and Pedro Pascal as Javier Peña are exceptional while the rest of the cast also does commendable work throughout. From portraying anger to excitement to lust to revenge, you'll not find anyone lacking in this regard, I assure you.

Direction: 9/10. There is this sense of urgency (and claustrophobia in later episodes) and it is directed so beautifully that you really get 100% invested in the story and it haunts you till the end. No cheesy angles, no shaky camera stuff. Just good, focused portrayal that keeps you on the edge of your seat. There's one chasing scene that is simply unforgettable!

Cinematography: 10/10. The locations are both breathtakingly beautiful and irresistibly welcoming and the lens work done (especially for the dark scenes)is creditworthy and authentic as a result.

Unbiased portrayal of the US Embassy and Colombian authorities.. Yes, you heard it right. There is no "Always America to the rescue" and "Colombian authorities are eternally incompetent" kind of stuff here and I am clarifying this because many viewers have this issue (and rightfully so, in some scenarios) that American institutions are mostly presented as the incorruptible hegemons while other nations' organizations are just "docks" from which the former carry out missions and pursue objectives. So, GOOD NEWS people, this is so not the case here. This is a balanced retelling and everyone deserving praise and credit gets so. 10/10 here as well.

All in all, this is a MUST-WATCH! A word of caution though.. you'll be hooked like anything, lol, so plan accordingly. =P

Thank you for reading my review and I hope you enjoy the series as much as my friends and I did.

Cheers! =)