In the post Breaking Bad TV landscape it was hard to imagine another series with the same compelling darkness and excellence. With the bombast that poses for entertainment, it more difficult to visualize a story true to a horrendous long drawn out crime bleeding one small country to death and causing very noticeable damage to the most powerful one...while remaining totally true to the real happenings, and being immensely compelling entertaining. Yet this is what we get thanks to Netflix green-lighting the excellent Narcos.

With the seeming failure of the war on drugs it makes sense to delve into the recent past when a quantum shift occurred. That would be the rise of the American cocaine trade and how it all came to be. To come up with that premise isn't brilliant, but to eschew the bombast and tell it straight-forward is. To do it so compellingly, as Narcos does, knocks it out of the park.

The first thing, beyond the braveness of not making it too sensational, is the fearless casting. Save for Luis Guzman it seems everyone is practically unknown. Because the acting is uniformly excellent the casting comes off like a major coup. Wagner Moura is as if born to portray the world's most infamous drug-lord Pablo Escobar. His dead-pan manner is more than real, he's the number one reason everyone else is so perfect. You believe this evil human has charisma while being colder than ice. A true devil in sheep's clothing. Evil incarnate.

Besides his cartel there's excellence on the other side, both Columbian and U.S. You believe all these people are caught up in the most unholy of all wars Sometimes fighting one another to attempt to right a whole country that has come under siege. A country so stricken by poverty that even with the aid of the mightiest government of the world old traditions can't be circumvented. And then, there's that poverty and the billions of dollars Escobar has at his side. It's easy to imagine if it wasn't for the fact the billions were flowing from the U.S. Columbia might just go to hell in a hand basket and bring even more death to the U.S. mainland in the bargain.

Narcos is so enthralling you simply can't wait for an episode. It's that good. If you're not anxious and biting your nails you must not be watching. With few gratuitous nods, this is one real horror story. The fact it's told so truthfully yet remains entertainment is the major feat that will, simply, blow you away. Undoubtedly, this is the best series in years bar none. Netflix, after the almost as good Bloodline, is on one huge roll.