for those of you living under a rock Pablo escobar was...etc etc (from that point on I was hooked. Pablo Escobar is the real life version of "Baba yaga" from John Wick. He was one of the richest people on the planet. He was also the largest cocaine trafficker on the planet. He would also be, by today's standards, simply called a terrorist. He murdered anyone who stood in his way and countless other innocents along the way. I've read a few books on Pablo and I have to say this series TOTALLY does justice to the real story. The writing, directing and acting is unbelievable! I have to admit that personally I feel a little dirty because in some of the scenes I am actually empathizing and relating to Pablo...I CAN'T BELIEVE I AM SAYING THAT!!! The people in charge of this series do such a fantastic job in splitting your allegiances. When Pablo's cousin is killed I literally had to shake my head because even though Escobar is an evil disgusting human being who has destroyed countless lives and brought both Columbia and the US to their knees (and I know this intellectually) I can still relate with him and feel his pain and I found myself devilishly routing for him and I was eagerly anticipating his revenge for for that killing...I WAS FEELING FOR PABLO FREAKING ESCOBAR! Then a few scenes later the DEA agent is kissing babies and planning to go outside of the law to bring him down and I'm back routing for these guys to take that evil person off the streets. Rarely have I encountered such a deep and in depth emotional roller coaster as I have experienced watching this show. These guys deserve a ton of credit. Top notch job. I am fascinated and totally engrossed in watching this ideological DEA agent succumb to his primal urge to take out this evil presence regardless of the moral boundaries he has to cross to do so. My favorite quote from the entire series is "Yeah...I like Olivia" (It reminds me of the premise of another movie I recently watched called "The Man of Tai Chi" which explores the voyeuristic culture we live in where we love to watch innocence being destroyed by the evil that surrounds us). In Narcos this premise is displayed with such skill that I have to bow my head. Complex story, amazing production, and beautiful execution...Bravo Netflix...bravo!