The narrative of "Narcos" starts from the very beginning. It follows Escobar and the Ochoas from the first baby steps that would soon become the march of a giant. 

Very reminiscent of the cinematic style employed by films like "Blow" and "Goodfellas", the show is narrated by Detective Murphy as he retells the story of the Narcos' rise to power and his struggles as a DEA agent to take them down and not ruin his own life in the process. His knowledge of the traffickers' history allows for the story to be told in a linear fashion following multiple story lines. It also serves to remind the viewer that they are watching a unique and thrilling story unfold, the likes of which will never be repeated. The viewer knows that times are different now and the cowboy heyday where such prominent figures were allowed to thrive are long gone. The Regan-era had just begun and the "War on Drugs" hadn't even begun to comprehend its enemy. 

The first error the writers committed was maintaining the same speed of story development that we observed at the beginning of the season where the narrator it catching the viewer up. I felt that for several episodes I was waiting to finally be caught up and for the slow to slow down and be told in more detail, but that never happened, it just continues to move along very briskly. 

music that transport the viewer straight into early 80's Medellin and Miami, the series is captivating from the very first scene. 

The performance by the show's main characters is, for the most part, top-notch. In some (but not all) cases, the actors even have the correct Spanish accent to correlate with their country or city of origin. However, in a few cases the acting is poor and the accent is completely off from how the real life character actually spoke.

Firing on all cylinders, "Narcos" absolutely nails all the pieces needed to craft a great series. Even while staying true to the facts of real story, it manages to still take full advantage of the small stories and dialogue that have the potential to make or break a screenplay. Any viewers who were fans of "Blow" or "Goodfellas" will certainly get their fix of crime, drugs, and power with "Narcos".

With regard to the accents, Moura is of course Barzilian in real life, so his accent is incorrectly Brazilian and not Paisa. Guzman is Puerto Rican in real life so he accent is inaccurate as well. Many other characters have Rollo (from Bogota) accents where they should probably have Paisa accents if they are from Medellin, but at least they are still Colombian accents. Most Americans would probably feel like this is splitting hairs, but Netflix is an international medium, and if you were to cast Frank White's character in American Gangster with an African guy who spoke Swahili natively and had an African accent when he spoke in English, you would think that it was a weird thing to see, and it would be hard for you to believe what you were watching. The Latin American fan base would probably think Americans in this case would be the ones splitting hairs because they would probably not hear the difference, while Americans would think it's a huge deal. This is about the equivalent of having a guy who speaks Portuguese natively play a character with a very specific Colombian accent that all native Spanish speakers recognize as not being Colombian.