I was hooked on to the series moment I came to know its about the most notorious narc of all time. While on a flight, once I bumped into a local Medellin based Colombian and I was told in detail about the cult of Escobar. Later, multiple references in other series (Entourage) about Escobar kept me interested in going into literature about him. 

Once Narcos got released, it just blew away the expectations which I had from any series. After watching likes of Breaking Bad/Fargo, never expected, they could also be bettered. Season 1 of Narcos is a mind-blowing journey about the most notorious gangster mankind ever witnessed. Insight into the world of Escobar in a Scarface kind of setting was not only intriguing but extremely magnetic in terms of the depth to which character has been etched. Although, Al Pacino's portrayal of the first ever real narc we ever saw was pinnacle of an actor, Wagner Moura has left no stone unturned to portray the gangster in the most vivid form. Given the pivotal role has been amazingly portrayed, even the supporting cast has performed brilliantly especially Pena, Carrillo do ample justice to the role. Season 1 has been brilliant till the airplane bombings and then it held its ground well too when the Escobar has been in his own castle/prison. 

With overwhelming enthusiasm, I started watching Season 2 and early episodes have been building up the momentum. Few of the startling twists in the plot have been portrayed well. However, last few episodes leading to downfall of the man himself have been stretched way too long and if I look back now, I would say from a 20 odd part series, 10 episodes have been done brilliantly beyond any other series, and rest of the episodes are classy but not that epic. It would be an unfair comparison, but Breaking Bad's epic story-line running across so many seasons and episodes are far more intriguing than overall Narcos. 

Standing on its own, Narcos is a brilliant mind numbing portrayal of a man who embodies everything wrong with being on the other side and still no sign of remorse till the very end. Its a story about the never ending greed and narcissistic ambition to conquer the world by ruining nations and destroying umpteen lives. Escobar has been everything which mankind has seen time and again for notoriety to the likes of merciless dictators without any thought about consideration for doing the right thing. Narcos shows what that life has been all about in depth in turn creating that fine balance between the grey characters and escobar himself to justify the expected conclusion.