I deeply regret having watched the entire season of this series. It seemed promising at first: The pilot was rather good and the next few episodes were as well- they did a great job at building up tension and after some point I just really (!) wanted to know what would happen next. But that's basically the only thing Fargo did right. After some episodes, it quickly becomes evident, that this series is completely empty at its core: From the beginning the plot doesn't make all that much sense and the longer it continues the more arbitrary and implausible it get's, it's like you can palpably feel the screenwriters making up arbitrary sh*t as they go along. While the overarching narrative in the end turns out to be a more or less protracted sequence of random events, single scenes were always completely predictable. In fact I have rarely seen such lazy, transparent writing in TV-series (I don't watch all that many, though). To clarify what I mean, take for example the villain: I'm not going to talk about anything specific he does here, but let's just say, that after the first episodes showed you how he goes about his evil business, you know for certain that this character will succeed at everything he does. He's practically set up as a god- he can do whatever he wants and will get away with it. And while he is the most entertaining character in the series this game of him doing something outlandishly brutal without facing any consequences get's shallow and predictable pretty fast. It's like watching a dumbed- down 10 hour version of No Country for Old Men without the excellent cinematography. Lester, another important character, is completely the opposite: Whenever he does something, we suspect that he will screw up. And the series teases us with this: So there are dozens of lengthy scenes were we see Lester sneaking around or the like, trying to bring us to the edge of our seat at the prospect that he'll maybe get caught. It worked the first few times- but it get's repeated all of the time (!) throughout the series and I found myself skipping a few seconds now and then, because I knew nothing would happen to Lester yet, but that the director just wanted to create tension by repeating the same aforementioned worn out formula. I talked about the story being essentially a sequence of random events and briefly want to get back to that: Namely that he major catalyst of everything that is happening in Fargo is basically the utter stupidity of various characters in the series. Crimes simply don't get solved, because police are too stupid and lazy. We just have to accept that. Characters put their lives on the line because they repeatedly act insanely stupid. And we also just have to accept that. You can just see the invisible strings attached to everything that happens in this series- everything is obviously artificial and could never occur like this. And just to be clear- I don't inherently have problems with "unrealistic" events in films and TV-series (if that were so, I couldn't watch any) but one has to draw a line somewhere. Here it's like the action scenes in many blockbuster-movies: You see the protagonist whirling around, beating up dozens of bad guys simultaneously, all the while defying the laws of physics and maybe dropping a few cool one-liners. Quickly you'll realize: "Nothing will happen to this guy, because the screenplay says so." That's kind of the feeling I had watching Fargo. People got away with things they couldn't possibly get away with all the time; people acted like no real person would ever act. What happened didn't happen for any comprehensible reason or because it seemed logical- what happened in one episode did so just to provide a segue into the next. So even though I really watched all 10 episodes I got nothing from that except many cheap thrills peppered throughout the giant plot- hole this entire series is. Fargo is as vacuous as it gets, I really wasted my time on this one- hope you don't waste yours.