While waiting to get my restless hands on the most recent Halt and Catch Fire, I made the terrible mistake of watching the pilot episode of Mr. Robot. During the first five minutes it had subtle tones of Rubicon, which is about the highest praise I can bestow upon a TV show. (By the way, if you're able to find the 12th episode of Rubicon, I will, without hesitation, pay you for it.) Unfortunately the similarities between Rubicon and Mr. Robot ends with the ascetics and a few shared characteristics of the protagonists.

Mr. Robot doesn't bother to hide anything, least of all the low opinion it holds of its audience's intelligence. It bathes in every sin it purports to detest. "Hello, friend." The attempted manipulation of the audience begins in the first fraction of a second. I would have had more respect for the show if they just would have had the socially awkward protagonist rescue a kitten from a tree in the opening shot to let us know, "Yes, he is socially awkward, but he does the right thing, so love him, as we've instructed you to do."

He does take down a giant child pornography ring in the first few moments of the show though. And, just in case you're a heartless bastard and aren't yet convinced that he is indeed the good guy, he does "save" a puppy near the end of the pilot. I wish I were kidding. By the end of the episode, I'm pretty sure the show is bordering on satire and just doesn't know it. Or would it be a parody? I can never tell.

But instead of a kitty rescue we get a curiously self-aware hyper- angsty narrator lifelessly muttering the words "Hello, friend." Aaah, he wants to be our friend! (This opening could be redeeming if it turns out the narrator has been consciously deceiving the audience since the beginning, but that seems woefully unlikely. (Any deception that is taking place seems to be going on unbeknownst to our hero.)) I had never realized how very redundant it is to have a narrator address the audience for the sake of breaking the fourth wall. Now I will never be able to feel any way other than that.

That wasn't what shook me out of the show though. No, that came around the 12 minute mark when suddenly the show took a terribly predictable turn. Shoehorned into the show, the valiant protagonist, who, lest we forget, brought down a child pornographer and is our friend, goes on an anti-commercialism diatribe. This sort of thing isn't new at all and it rarely causes me to audibly scoff or squint my eyes in incredulity, but this moment was a hefty lurch that the show seemed to believe in mightily, and it was far from over.

Five minutes later, the protagonist shifts from bemoaning the awful commercial nature of modern society to explicitly identifying the source of his obsession; a giant, evil corporation simply titled E Corp. Nearly omnipotent, it seems, and made of pure evil. I'm sure the unending voice-over would have loved to give us more details about all the many ways E Corp is evil, but he was regrettably interrupted by a commercial break.

And that is the big joke, and it's a pretty good one too, in my opinion. You see, Mr. Robot is produced by USA Network. I can't blame you if you aren't familiar with USA. It was one of those networks that ran Law & Order reruns 24/7 until its syndication pricing structure changed about five years ago. Anyhow, USA Network is one of the ponies in NBCUniversal's cable stable. And NBCUniversal is a subsidiary of Comcast.

That's right, Mr. Robot is a show about a guy who has a keen loathing for a giant corporation, produced by the single most loathed corporation in America. (Many surveys regarding these sorts of things take place each year and it is considered a win for Comcast if they don't come away with the title of "Most Hated Corporation.") The show is possible in many ways because Comcast exists. Is this a case of self-reflection on Comcast's part? Are they seeking to fringe-ify their detractors? It seems unlikely. What they are doing, simply enough, is trying to capitalize on their unpopularity. It is a strange hall of mirrors where what people hate is projecting themselves hating that thing back at them. Thank goodness it's a simple feat to hate the mirror without hating the subject.

This isn't at all to say that everything made or done by Comcast should be subject to disdain, but when, by many measures, the most loathed corporation produces a show using a loathed corporation as the antagonist, I believe a certain degree of scrutiny is justified. It is akin to Donald Trump producing a show about a wholesome country-boy running for president against a blowhard, cartoonishly- haired buffoon, and making money in the process. (Speaking of Trump, his actual TV show was under Comcast's umbrella, and I'm guessing this fictitious one would find a home there as well.)

For as absurd as it was, the most unbearable part of watching the pilot episode were the moments the show wasn't actually on. Sitting through commercial breaks to get to the end made the whole expedition truly laughable. "Our TV show about a guy railing against commercialism, evil corporations, and an over-medicated society will be back right after this four-minute commercial break starting with an ad for Xanax followed by an ad for Keeping Up with the Kardashians. Stay tuned!"