I, like many others, thought the pilot was phenomenal. It showed a computer security software tech, Elliot, who wanted to make a revolutionary change in the world using hactivision and to take down an "evil" corporate empire. I was looking forward to a new fantastic show about how computers and technology —and the people in the field/hobby, can make a huge impact in the world.

Immediately after the pilot —in the subsequent episodes, the show took an instant plummet. The plots became all about selfish self-loathing shallow characters in desperate and pathetic overly-dramatic situations. It became focused on excessive hardcore drug use, low-life lifestyles and ghetto drama, and intentional use of "shocking" topics such as homosexuality, beating up a homeless man for no reason other than to show someone is psycho, and cheating. These topics are COMPLETELY opposite to what is appealing to most people interested in computers and technology, so I'm confused as to who this show is trying to appeal to.

The narration reminds me of Dexter, but what is said is mostly nonsense and not nearly as sophisticated. The audio is off on the show, the music is so loud that it overpowers the dialog. The actors sometimes mumble or talk too fast and it's difficult or impossible to hear what they say.

The writing is all over the place, it's like they are trying to take what has worked from different shows and mesh it into this show, but it just doesn't work. I think it's pathetic when shows always try to have a "catch" right at the end of an episode, it becomes way too predictable and boring, and they have done lots of that so far.

I do like the music and cinematography, those are great and highly appropriate.

The "FSociety" group have been setting up shop in abandoned arcades, but the show has not shown anything about video games! It's like they're trying hard to make the show seem cool. If they stopped focusing on drug abuse and addiction and started focusing more on computers and video games and that lifestyle then the show would have a lot more appeal.

But overall this show has quickly become a disappointment and is drifting away from what most have hoped for. It is not a show that is centered on technology, hacktivision, digital revolution, and the computer lifestyle that so many are craving, and instead is becoming just another mindless TV drama hoping to shock viewers with outlandish situations.