In the run-up to this show's premiere, it was called a "Female Jason Bourne". There are the obvious similarities--the lead character has no past memories and is an adept fighter. But I think the similarities may end there.

Our Jane Doe (Jaimie Alexander) is found in a duffle bag in Times Square, covered in new tattoos. One is the name of FBI agent Kurt Weller (Sullivan Stapleton). This is the first clue in a game with unknown stakes. Weller is your typical tough-guy FBI agent who is all business. 

Jane has no past memories, but she still retains skills. She is able to translate a tattoo written in Chinese (clue #2). It's the name of a Chinese national and an address located across town. And the chase is on. Weller takes Jane along, mostly for her translation skills, but while there, they find that her muscles have "memories"--fighting skills (clue #3). 

Using infrared to identify an obscured tattoo, they discover what seems to be a Navy SEAL insignia (clue #4). As they chase the suspected terrorist, other clues reveal themselves--indications of Jane's identity and/or information that leads them toward a potential crime scene. I won't reveal any other clues here, but the entire story revolves around the decoding of the tattoos.

On a human level, the victim--Jane--asks "Why me?" She has no identity without her memories and she feels emotionally adrift. "I have no where to go," she says, wondering what she will do for the first night of her indeterminate future. Alexander plays her character with the right blend of emotional vulnerability and growing empowerment as she discovers her abilities. By the end of the first episode, she has her first memory. It includes a man who is watching from the shadows.

Is she a Trojan horse, used to infiltrate the agency or its affiliates? Is she a "Manchurian candidate", designed to strike at a target? Did she willingly have her memory wiped? Or did circumstances give her little choice? Part of the answer may be linked to the DOJ file that sits on the desk of Weller's superior, which was referenced by a tattoo of its file number.

This is a police procedural, but it is dominated by its core mystery, which is a puzzle. There are some clichés. But the photography is strong. And the characterizations, especially Jane, well crafted. I will grade the show a conditional "7" and watch to see where the rabbit hole takes us.

Update 10/14/15: After watching a few episodes, I am upgrading this show to an "8". As Jane regains memories and adjusts to her new life, she has more personality, and so does Weller. Also, the missions they are cooperating on are interesting.