This is the one of latest TV series of the NBC. The actors, various places and the confusion which is brought by the main character are very unparallel and in the same way they make this show very irreplaceable. All those things have been brought more and more viewers each week with every new episode of Blindspot during the first season. The second season gradually confirms that the station have not done with that program yet and shows the other face of the creator Martin Gero, which is also an author of the HBO series "Bored to Death".

Everything started in the center of the Times Square in New York City, where the main character Jane Doe is found in the big bag, without any money, clothes and memories. Just the images tattooed on her body are the only thing that she posses. On her back, there is a name of the one FBI agent's (Sullivan Stapleton, "300: Rise of an Empire"), which actually should help find herself in this case, but it only makes her life more and more complicated. She has nothing, any documents, family or even her fingerprints are unknown, she remember nothing and every single day she discovers that she is more than random person, she is a killing machine. All of it attracts the attention of other agents and more dangerous people? How she is going to manage with all those things?

The Blindspot first episode came in to the TV on the September 2015, actually the second season is running on. If you like TV series kind of "How to get away with murder" and stories about the evil hidden in the good, I think that show will be perfect for you. The main character Jane Doe, which is played by Jaimie Alexander, the actress you could also see in productions like "Thor" or "Kyle XY". Moreover the whole show is good written, directed and what is the most important perfectly acted. The TV series is really good, because it shows not only the work of FBI, but also the problems of those people, conflicts, hidden information, lies and many more. Some people could think that the whole TV series only about FBI could be a little bit boring and actually some episodes aren't so perfect, but later all those things creates a real masterpiece.