I'd been so looking forward to this series but what a disappointment the first episode turned out to be. As one other reviewer said, we deserve better than this. A lot better.

To begin with, we have an early scene with one mysterious female having sex with an unknown man in his car. Mysterious? Not really and how stupid do the writers think we are? Of course, they are new recruits and would meet again at Quantico a couple of scenes later. Well, duh! What a surprise that was.

Does any of that sound familiar? Think back to the pilot of Grey's Anatomy many years ago. Meredith and Derek meet and have a one night stand before Meredith meets Derek again the following day when she starts work at the hospital. Would a little originality from the writers be asking too much?

Having started badly, it went downhill from there. These people are supposed to be the elite recruits to one of the toughest jobs in the States. God save us all if these are the best of the best. They come across as high school students on their way to some sort of summer camp for gifted students. If the purpose of new recruits is to impress those that make the decision, none of them have what it takes. What a joke.

The challenge they are put through on their first day is just silly. If they succeed, great, if not, they are out. Seriously? Again, would writers give viewers credit for a modicum of intelligence.

Having started with Grey's Anatomy, we continued to steal concepts from other shows. We have the back and forward scenes right out of last year's hit, How to Get Away with Murder. We end the episode with the star behaving exactly the same way as both Harrison Ford and the original start David Janssen, walking away with hat tucked down low in The Fugitive as they each made their escape from the crash. I guess it worked for them so why not just use it again.

Another reviewer thought the acting terrible. I'm not sure I'd say that. Giving the rubbish they were supposed to work with from the writers, they probably did the best they can with what they were given. Let's put the blame in the proper place.

There are so many holes in the ridiculous plot that I could point out but I'll trust others to find them as well rather than risk including any 'spoilers' ... though how I could spoil anyone's viewing of this is beyond me given the writers have done their own worst in spoiling it themselves.

Have I missed anything? Probably, but then I'm trying to forget the painful experience of having viewed the hour long pilot so won't be making an further effort to dredge up any more memories from watching it last night.