I honestly thought it would be an interesting show. I gave it a few tries. Not only is the story line a complete bore and to the point of ridiculous, but they claim false information about Israel. That is really sick that they would do that. Perhaps they just want to do that so people like the Muslim sisters. The acting on the show is low quality and the scenes going from then to now makes it even further boring then the story line already is. I expect it to be canceled.

"On October 18, 2015, in episode 4 of ABC's new TV series, "Quantico," the show's Jewish character Simon Asher falsely proclaims: "I spent months with the UAWC rehabbing greenhouses bombed by the Israelis in the Gaza strip." The show's lie that Israel's IDF bombed and destroyed the Gaza greenhouses, when it was the Palestinian Arabs themselves who looted and destroyed them, is false, deeply offensive. To be accurate, the show should have stated: "I spent months rehabbing greenhouses destroyed by Palestinian Arab looters in the Gaza strip." Or, instead of defaming Israel, the show could have simply stated: "I spent months rehabbing greenhouses in the Gaza strip." Period. And the Show should have mentioned that these extraordinary and productive greenhouses were built and developed by the Israeli Jews of Gaza, before they were forceably evacuated, and given to the Palestinians free of charge.

Then, the following week, in Episode 5 (October 25, 2015), "Quantico" defamed the Israel Defense Forces ("IDF") as doing unspeakable atrocities in Gaza. In "Quantico" Episode 5, character Simon Asher tearfully "confesses" to a classmate: "You were right about me. I am dangerous. . . . I was in the Israeli Defense Forces. They sent me into Gaza. I didn't just see things. I did things. Things that haunt me every single day of my life. After I got back, living undercover was the only way I could cope with what I did, with myself. So I made myself a lie. I don't wear glasses. I don't even like coffee. And I'm not . . . I not. . . I'd understand if you hate me."

This statement, including the line "I'd understand if you hate me," is an outrageous, defamatory message that it is "understandable" to hate Israelis because they do terrible things in Gaza.

Here are the facts:

The IDF is the World's Most Moral Army: "Quantico" Episode 5's defamatory portrayal of the IDF is an outrageous falsehood – and totally disregards the IDF's extraordinary humanity. The IDF has consistently gone to extraordinary lengths to protect Palestinian Arab lives in Gaza (at the cost of numerous Israeli lives) – even while Hamas and other jihadi groups based in Gaza launched 19,000 deadly rockets and missiles from Gaza at Israeli civilians during the past decade. Among other things, the IDF made hundreds of thousands of cell phone calls and air-dropped millions of flyers to warn Palestinian Arab civilians to leave military targets, and the IDF frequently aborted important military operations to protect Palestinian Arab children that Hamas used as human shields.

Colonel Richard Kemp, the former commander of all the British forces in Afghanistan, praised the IDF's humanity as follows: "No other army in the world has ever done more than Israel is doing now to save the lives of innocent civilians in a combat zone."

"Quantico" could easily have had a "haunted by what I've done" character who worked with a group that commits REAL atrocities in the Middle East – such as ISIS, al Qaeda, Hamas, Hezbollah, the PLO/Fatah, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, and the Muslim Brotherhood – to name a few. Yet, Quantico ignores all these heinous groups. Instead, Quantico falsely portrays the world's most humane nation and army – Israel and the army of the Jewish Nation – as the villains.