Daredevil is the kind of show that, even when taken out of context, is still a great piece of work. Even if Marvel wasn't associated with this at all, Daredevil would still be one of the best crime/vigilante dramas out there. It's just great storytelling elevated by its superhero backdrop, with classic characters like Wilson Fisk and The Punisher butting heads with Matt Murdock through insanely choreographed fight sequences (the best in Marvel history) in the dark, gritty streets of Hell's Kitchen. Daredevil shows the grimier side of Marvel for sure, not quite as disturbing as Jessica Jones, but there's a fair share of graphic imagery. It's never gratuitous, though. The violence is real and raw, and you believe the wounds Daredevil gets in his numerous altercations, painfully so. Every little detail is accounted for, from the functionality of Foggy and Matt's lawyer firm to the martial arts techniques used in the many mind-blowingly impressive fight scenes. It all works so well; the writing is sharp, sometimes slow and brooding but it always pays off, and it's character-driven without delving into soap opera territory like many comic book shows do (though the Elektra storyline comes close). 

Wilson Fisk is one of the best villains to come out of Marvel live action universe, played to perfection by Vincent D'Onofrio. The acting all around is top-notch. Charlie Cox gives a convincing performance of the blind lawyer vigilante, and Jon Bernthal as the Punisher is superb. You begin to care about every character though, even the antagonists. Frank Castle is a written as a fully fleshed out person - he does what he does for a reason that's very personal to him, and you understand why and you care. Even Foggy and Karen, who I didn't care much for in season 1, grew on me by season 2 and I really came to like some of their arcs. 

The first four episodes of season 2 might be the best stretch of comic book episodes put to screen, ever. It's unbelievable. Seeing that alone should sell you on the show (but you should most certainly start with season 1). Daredevil is just something you have to experience if you're a comic book fan, or an action fan, or a fan of quality television. It's that good.