"If it ain't on the page, it ain't on the stage."

Daredevil represents in my view, perhaps the best comic book adaptation done to date; and it accomplishes that task spectacularly because it doesn't try to be a comic book adaptation. It is what Stan Lee himself would often use as a description of his writing, "a good yarn." The best stories are always about people because that's the nature of an engaging story. As much as our imaginations love to be titillated by scenic backdrops, or engrossed by thrilling action, or inspired by courageous acts, or engaged by surprising plot twists, none of those techniques capture an audience's empathy and attention if the characters do not feel real. We, as audience members, want to understand what it feels like to face and overcome insurmountable odds. Whether it is to reinforce latent desires or to overcome trying circumstances, we are desperate for vicarious experiences which expand our view of the world and our view of ourselves. We want to know what life can be like when lived through the eyes, minds, and hearts of others; and it is the fulfillment of this essential need which empowers fiction to such a degree it pervades our society in the form of storytelling.

Having grown up with comic books as a means of escaping my own reality as a child, I had never before encountered such a rich depth of character as Vincent D'Onofrio embodied in his representation of Wilson Fisk. His remarkable representation of the complexity of a man who throughout the first season was an awakening to his own nature as a deeply flawed and psychopathic killer fulfilled the promise made by writers who truly represent the best of their craft. Upon watching the progression of his development throughout the entire first season told as a complete story, one cannot help but to be both empathetic and repulsed by a man who rose to power in the criminal underworld and who was referred to in the comic book version as "The Kingpin". (Not once was this trite appellation used in this series - not that I would have minded it because I believe it a title which does have a good sound-bite ring to it.)

Each of the characters in Daredevil has been lovingly rendered as fully fleshed human beings one can empathize with. Eldon Henson was a perfect choice to represent Matt Murdoch's convivial partner. He not only offered the comic relief a series as dark as this one needs to provide an audience with a necessary breath of air, he and his writers also offered a depth of character which elevated Foggy Nelson beyond the role of simple comic relief. I was very pleased to see Deborah Ann Woll chosen as Karen Page because I was already impressed with her acting chops as the character Jessica Hamby from the series "True Blood". The writers also elevated her role far beyond the treatment given her in the comic book world by empowering her with an investigative fighting spirit who rose above the "old school" feminine stereotype and responded to threats to her person in a realistic and life altering manner which was neither oversold nor undermined through diminished gravity.

I initially had difficulty accepting Charlie Cox as Matt Murdoch, but had already been groomed with decades of perception for who that person is. I found myself quickly becoming comfortable with Charlie as Matt and believe he truly did become Daredevil to me as the series progressed. I became attracted to what appear as his "likable characteristics in real life" and found they softened the brooding Matt Murdoch from comics in a way which increased my empathy. Charlie Cox delivered a nuanced performance which speaks to great potential as a leading man in his future career as an actor. I look forward to seeing him in other roles in future.

Of course, one cannot speak of Daredevil without two of the most interesting and integral characters of the mythology; the reporter Ben Urich, and Matt's teacher, "Stick". Vondie Curtis-Hall is an actor who has impressed me for years, and although his Ben Urich represents a departure from the comic book version, I loved this representation more than the source. Scott Glenn is an underrated acting legend who effortlessly delivered a solid representation of the brazen mentor, "Stick".

I waited the entire season to see the man in costume and the manner which that introduction was delayed added to the suspense while providing insight into how and why someone would dress up in costume to fight crime. I especially loved the character they chose to be responsible for creating that costume because it gives me something to look forward to in the next season. Without giving too much away, I am looking forward to how someone whom Daredevil befriended becomes an enemy in the guise of a character known in the comic book world as "The Gladiator". I look forward to their depiction of technology used to create a costume enabling the wearer to punch with spinning saw-blades.

I love that production companies like Netflix are releasing an entire season at once because I believe a good story is best experienced not when waiting weeks on end for it to unfold, but through binge watching. Daredevil is a story best experienced as a binge because it is a complete story unto itself which, when one allows oneself to become hooked by it, one is compelled to finish it up to the end. Even better, Daredevil is so rich with subtlety in its writing, cinematography, along small details and hints of a future to come, that it will bear re-watching. My only concern is that they set the bar so high with this first season that I am afraid they will have difficulties maintaining this level of quality in subsequent seasons.