You're obviously familiar with the Marvel Cinematic Universe (if not then where the heck have you been?) A fantasy world where there are no consequences and no one ever really dies, it's all so happy go lucky right? Wrong! Introducing Daredevil, the Marvel TV show that breaks the mold that you are used to seeing (and possibly getting bored of) by showing a side to New York that you've never seen before in this universe. Set in a dark and gritty (people seem to trash DC for this but praise it here because double standards/hypocrisy) Hells Kitchen.

Matt Murdock is your run of the mill nice likable blind guy who is starting his own law firm with his bestie Foggy Nelson. But during the night he becomes "that dude in the mask" who kicks some serious criminal ass all over Hells Kitchen.

This leads to him inevitably coming head to head with the crime lord of the area Wilson Fisk (fantastically portrayed by Vincent D'onofrio) who is the worst kind of villain, the kind who thinks hes the good guy! The action scenes are amazing, don't expect the usual CGI crap that you are normally treated to, but realistic fight scenes (on par with the fight scenes from the Raid movies) that will have you constantly rewinding them just so you can get the chills all over again. Seriously the cinematography needs to win some serious awards, this was movie level stuff. There is even a "one take" action scene which is on par with the one in True Detective.

The writing is above par, you never feel like you are watching a TV show, you feel like you are watching a well written and directed movie. The show has humour but it isn't forced or stupid in your face childish humour but appropriate humour (kinda like how it is in DC movies) You don't get a cartoonish villain but a well written and acted villain with multiple layers to his personality, he even gets his own love story that you see from the start.

You meet Karen Page, who is Matt and Foggys first case. They help her through her current predicament, which leads to her joining their new law firm. And becoming an important part of their team.

The story is (mostly) interesting, the show slightly loses steam midway when you are dealing with a character dealing with an important "revelation" However the show quickly picks up steam and doesn't lose it for the rest of the show.

The Karen and Foggy scenes are hit or miss, I personally didn't mind them, they took my mind off things that were going on at the time but some people found them boring. So it depends on how much you care about these characters.

Charlie Cox does an amazing job as Matt Murdock/Daredevil, who despite playing a blind guy manages to portray his emotions and feelings perfectly. The rest of the cast does well too, singling out the performance by D'onofrio who (like I said before) does a role like he has never done before.

The season is just long enough to tell its story, it isn't like 22 episodes long so they have to drag it on with filler story lines. It's a self contained season with everything relevant (besides maybe the Stick episode but then I'm sure that will be relevant in future seasons) This is the journey of an ordinary man turning into a vigilante, and then a hero. At the same time it's the story of a man thinking he's a hero, until realising that he is the villain of the story (in an awesome scene of self discovery) and then becoming what he was always destined to be.

People will try to compare this to Arrow but it's Apples and Oranges, both shows are so different that you should try to appreciate each for their own individuality.

This show is amazing, believe the critics, it's a fantastic (and much needed) change of pace in the Marvel universe. This is Marvel showing DC that they know how to play the game as well, and do a good job at it too.

I highly recommend this show to everyone (also it's part of the MCU so characters from it will inevitably show up in the movies, also it's setting up The Defenders TV series so you kinda have to watch it just so you know what the heck is going on!)