Daredevil, as being one of my favourite heroes, finally gets the attention and quality he deserves. Despite loving the 2003 film as being someone who watched the director's cut on his first time, this still clearly is a lot deeper, more professional approach to the character.

I have always seen Daredevil as a character with whom the message being sent is quite stronger in comparison with any other. The presence of a blind hero holds much greater importance than anyone would think of, as impaired people ought to be helped at every opportunity possible and the only thing we provide them most of the time is nothing but utter ignorance. With this situation being represented on a hero that we all look up to, what we are frightened of becomes something we now feel closer to.

This depth of the character was the reason I had great expectations for the series, but I must admit that this is far better than I had imagined. The quality of acting, screen writing and directing in this is superb and starting from the very beginning, it becomes a journey that is consisted of Marvel's joy, DC's seriousness and Sherlock Holmes' complexity of the plot.

As what I was awaiting of this was the lawyer version of House M.D., telling a curious case every episode and it being solved in spite of misleadings, I was once again impressed when I saw that this is one long episode of 13 hours, consisting of one subject and going deeper and deeper as the finale approaches. With the archenemy being represented along with his past and flaws, the secondary characters helping us have a smile on our faces, and the superhero being imperfect and learning as he encounters new enemies make this series open an entirely new page for the sake of Marvel.

Although we all know that the main hero is never under threat, this show makes us sit at the tip of our seats in various scenes. It makes us understand the characters and feel sorry for them at certain points. There comes a time when the episode ends and you are still sitting there just appreciating it. There are flaws in everything but this one show alone is the reason why "Marvel owns the movie business and DC the TV" can no longer be a renowned statement.

"Justice is blind."