Daredevil, Netflix series, just raised the bar for "your friendly neighbor TV vigilante" like Arrow and the gang. Yes, they are not the same, but both TV shows pride on their action and fight sequences and DIY vigilantism. But Arrow turned into TV beautiful-rich-people drama with occasional bruising, and action lately looks too much choreographed and not engaging to the viewer, without consequences and that's where Daredevils steps up and drops the mic.

I'm a fan of Arrow TV show and not much of a Marvel overall fan lately (Agents of SHIELD and Agent Carter are rubbish, GOTG was too over- hyped and too much created by focus groups, Iron Man 3 was just bad... and god knows the mess that are comics and the culling of everything and everyone they don't have movie rights for). But I'm surprised that I don't feel biased or conflicted to say that Daredevil just cleaned the house and I don't think Arrow will ever measure up in this form that it is now.

Do have in mind that there is difference to an actual TV show such as Arrow and Internet "TV" show like DD. They couldn't make DD this good for mainstream TV, no way, that's exactly why Agents of SHIELD and Carter suck because they are more mainstream and have some other (albeit generic and detrimental to any TV show) values. But DD is more in the realm of "cable channel" (as Penn & Teller would call it) and they can "get away" with more non generic and non stupid stuff. Shortly - they have more freedom to make something and you can see and feel that throughout the season one.

For example, all foreign languages are hard subbed or elegantly translated to the viewer. There is no "We're in America Yuri, speak English" stupidity. The fights are great and often down and dirty with a splash of gruesome gore. While, for example, in Arrow - Oliver gets stabbed through the motherefing chest with a sword and thrown of the goddamn mountain and has 0% on living meter, just to be kicking ass few days later, handsome as ever.... here, DD gets his ass handed by Fisk and is out of commission for a few episodes, always in scrapes and bruises, breaking stitches and whatnot.

Just to get something straight, no, it's not "Quentin Tarantino" violent and bloody over the top, it's normal action gritty movie violence and blood. So it's not comical/Tarantino violence but there are few "holy crap" moments.

By the way, fights are shot a bit janky and with a lot of camera cuts but in this case this mostly works great and looks great.

Story is good, but you should discover it for yourself, I want to mention something else about the narrative - yes, it's set in MCU, with Iron Man, Avengers, Thor, SHIELD, etc... BUT! One of the best things about this is that is completely on it's own and larger MCU is mentioned only brief as a few forgettable lines and few visual easter eggs. Destruction of NYC in Avengers is a bit of a catalyst for the main story but that's just background noise to kick start the whole thing. You can basically watch this without prior movies and TV shows. 

As for the characters and casting, good casting, although I'm not 100% sold on this Charlie Cox guy. There are so many times that he just looks straight into the eyes of someone he's talking to that you forget he needs to act blind. Also, D'Onofrio is menacing as Wilson Fisk aka Kingpin. Can't actually say that he nailed it, but he is a rich bully and weird one at that (because D'Oonfrio is a bit a weird guy himself). So maybe he's not 100% like in comics but it's an interesting take that ultimately delivers the overall message of one Wilson Fisk. There are really no bad performances here to speak of and most of the characters got due time to develop as they were needed.

As far as modern Marvel movie and TV properties go, Daredevil is right on the money and on top of the list. Very pleasant surprise because I'm personally (and I'm not alone on this) not expecting anything more from Marvel than more fan service and mainstream clichés. Thankfully, DD brought some fresh air to the whole thing. 

Don't know what will happen when they reintroduce DD again in Defenders with Luke Cage and the rest. Maybe it'll go down the Arrow- hole or it will rub off some of this season's DD goodness and continue the quality. We'll just have to wait and see.