Daredevil is a show about a lawyer who decides to take matters into his own hand when he puts on a mask and fights crime at night.

I can honestly say I had high hopes for this show. If you want to call me a fan boy, go ahead. I liked Agents of SHIELD and Agent Carter, but I also liked Gotham, Flash and Arrow. This feels above all of these shows and on a new level of TV.

Now, as best as possible, ill breakdown and vote on each one of the things I saw below as part of this Spoiler Free review. 

Violence/Gore - 7.8/10: If 1 is a paper cut and 10 is that scene in Elm Street where Johnny Depp gets eaten by his bed, this seems pretty fair. You can definitely feel the punches that are thrown and almost smell the iron when the blood sprays. Daredevil takes no **** from no one.

Acting/Characters - 7.2/10: The only reason I'm rating this lower than an 8 is simply because of Foggy. His character seems a little too childish in the beginning and, as for me, he begins to grow later on. No one gives Heath Ledger type performances here, but I wasn't expecting anyone to. Charlie Cox IS Daredevil the same way RDJ IS Iron Man. Female co- star is pretty believable too and D'Onofrio is amazing as future Gomer Pyle

Story/Plot - 8.4/10: The Story is pretty solid for a pilot season. You have a good, ER, goodish character taking on bad guys. Simple yet effective since the bad guys aren't necessarily Loki-status evil. Solid ending to the season too.

Easter Egg Hunting - 4/10: Not necessarily a bad thing, but if you go into this thinking there will be as much Eggs to find as Agents of Shield, you will simply be disappointed. There are a few here and there that are easy enough to spot, but this show definitely stands on its own.

After all this, my final rating for this show is 8.6/10 so ill just have to round up. The best way to describe this is if they made a show about early Rorshachs life before he killed anyone, but right after Batman Begins came out, this would be it. Its Dark, Gritty, believable, and FU haters the costume is good!