I have always liked Daredevil (the character) since childhood, and after the rather lackluster movie with Ben Affleck, I was worried how the TV show would turn out. And wow, did they get it right.

My gf and me watched this over the course of a week, with about an episode or 2 per night, and we were very much entertained. 

The casting is great, whether it's the "good" guys, such as Matt, Foggy or Karen, to the excellent Kingpin, who is not portrayed as just some evil intelligent maniac, but a torn, sometimes very vulnerable, sometimes just evil and raging character. At some point during the first season, the script actually makes you think, as more of the human side of Fisk is revealed, while a darker, more manic side of Matt starts to show... it's definitely not just black and white here. 

The script itself is VERY well written, throwing in quite a few surprising twists, and while watching, I was amused by how often I was wrong with my plot predictions. You know the deal - with many shows, you can at some point predict what happens, who dies etc. Not here, there was very little "phoned in" stuff happening. 

My only two points of criticism: - Some of the dialogs are a bit too stretched out, but of course, you gotta remember that each episode has to have a certain length, so sometimes, there need to be compromises.

- The show DOES feel more realistic, as promised by the makers. Then again, when you see Matt take SUCH a long time to take out guys, when you see them hit each other many many times (where you wonder whether anyone would still be standing after half of those hits), and when you see him being beaten down several times, at some point, it gets a tiny bit boring that he gets a beating from some unknown henchman. Yes, of course it becomes more satisfying once he finally dons his costume and fights the Kingpin on even ground, but when you think "how will he fit in with Captain America and the Defenders next year, or how well would THIS guy do side by side with the Avengers?"... well, he does seem to get stronger, but some of the fights in the first 7-9 episodes had me roll my eyes eventually. 

There are some very tough scenes here, showing why the show got its rating (car doors...), but it's not just for the sake of violence, it helps to show just how some of those characters tick. 

Verdict: This is definitely an awesome show, one of the most entertaining, surprising, well-acted ones I have seen within the last few years. This makes you forget the movie, and is finally the movie/series they should have done about Daredevil in the first place. 

Eagerly awaiting the second season now, and I hope they won't drop the ball after an AWESOME first season. If you like Marvel or Daredevil, check this out, give it a chance... I wasn't sure what to expect, and watched a totally great show, and even the two slightly negative points I mentioned don't matter much compared to how great the show is.