I was not familiar with Daredevil at all before the Netflix series was announced. I hadn't read the comics or seen the Ben Affleck film. What I did know is that Netflix, who I respected for Orange is the New Black, was going to be the platform, Steven DeKnight (Spartacus) was going to be the show-runner, and it was going to be dark, violent, and gritty.

Having seen the full season, I can say that I absolutely loved it. It was extremely addictive and I had to restrain myself from blowing through the whole 13 episodes in the opening weekend! Charlie Cox as Matt Murdock/Daredevil really sealed the deal for me. As Matt Murdock, blind lawyer by day, he brought a shyness, innocence and vulnerability to this character. As his alter ego, Daredevil, he brought stealthy fearlessness and physicality that made the role frighteningly believable. This guy can fight, and looks really great doing it.

Speaking of the fighting, I absolutely loved the fight sequences. There is one fight sequence in episode 2 that has been deservedly praised, and not just because of the skills displayed, but because of the way it wears out the character. Thankfully the quality of the fight scenes holds up throughout the season. If you're like me and enjoy watching your heroes unleash on bad guys, this is the show for you. 

I'm sure it was tempting to make the show adult-rated in terms of nudity and sexuality. Thankfully, they did not go there with Daredevil. Too many shows have unnecessary nudity and sex scenes that make it awkward to watch with friends or family. 

Also, I appreciate this not being a soap opera type of show. I enjoy The Flash and Arrow, but I get really tired, especially with Arrow, of the soapiness. With Daredevil, it is refreshing to have female characters who are not defined by the men in their lives and the audience isn't kept guessing "who is she going to end up with?" 

While Daredevil is dark and violent, it is also uplifting and even comedic at times. The friendship between Matt Murdock and the more outgoing Foggy Nelson was one of my favorite aspects of the show. Otherwise, I fear the show would have been too dark and brooding.

I really hope to see a 2nd season of Daredevil. I'm definitely looking forward to the other 3 Marvel series leading up to The Defenders, but I feel like there is so much potential for Matt Murdock and the universe of Daredevil.