First, i was impressed by Charlie Cox from HBO's Boardwalk Empire and had high expectations from him for the title role in this series but it all escaped my mind and the only thing that kept me up all night and day (missing classes) finishing all 13 episodes was Vincent D'Onofrio!! I say ALL HAIL KINGPIN!! His portrayal of one of the most iconic super-villain of the Marvel universe was breathtaking. The acting and specially the dialog delivery has left an unerodable impression on me. Not since Heath Ledger's Joker will anyone be more impressed by a villain than the hero and you can take that to the Bank.

Second, this Darker aspect of the Marvel Cinematic universe has made me appreciate it more and maybe to pick up on MARVEL's Agent of SHIELD where i left off. This series though focusing on Hell's Kitchen geographically also bares the cracks of society.

Third, as someone who loved Daredevil out of all Marvel characters courtesy Frank Miller(ALL HAIL FRANK MILLER:-) i loved that in the series throughout, the character sketch of Matt Murdock was as gritty, reticent and resolute, deserving the title of Man Without Fear given by Miller.

Fourth, the fight scenes will put the action master of Nolan's Trilogy to shame. It was smooth, complex and also had few of Daredevil's Signature moves. Whenever melee weapons were used the user was masterful and their impacts could always be seen and felt. Add suplexes, elbow locks, breaks, chokes, double kicks, capoeria, ju- jitsu and of course judo(all without wires!!), resulting in the most wide range and complex fight scenes you will have ever witnessed on screen. This should be all the reason action fans should need.

Fifth, this series follows the comic, with enough "easter eggs", histories, clues and references to make even a die Hard Marvel fan Happy.

Sixth, for the first time there is no absolute description of what the hero can do or what his powers are. Other than smell or hearing it almost as if its still a human fighting although blinded and able to throw with pinpoint accuracy, still the amount of blood loss and wounds he suffers keeps increasing per episode making one wonder if these extra senses are even an advantage.

Seventh, the musical scores used were few but good and effective.

Eight, every episode ends with a cliffhanger, great for Netflix!!

Ninth, the protagonist is not a planner or thinker or a strategist which is the case for all other super-hero series (you know what i am talking about), making him an emotional blunderer and Refreshing to watch!!!

For negatives, there were few unnoticeable (almost) dialog breaks and repetitions but for me the big and only negative was the suit. Yes, the SUIT which looks good, almost angelic compared to Affleck's mishap but in this case its introduction makes the hero's action strained and slow resulting in the amazing combat looking sluggish and ineffective, which believe me is a HUGE LOSS. So if the directors somehow corrects this loss of mobility ( and i wouldn't mind loosing the good looks for it)then i will almost definitely give a 10, and also a recommendation to all reading to watch this series for D'Onofrio and his masterpiece and also because its new in all its sense and unique.