I was recently able to watch the first two seasons of Daredevil and I have to say that I am absolutely speechless! Being a DC fan , Daredevil is one of the few things that I liked in Marvel. The 2003 Daredevil movie with Ben Afflick was a disappointment for me and didn't live up to my expectations. This Daredevil TV show is not only the best superhero TV show out there but also one of the best things Marvel has done lately. The first season introduces Matt Murdock a lawyer by profession , in this dark and gritty city filled with crime and he tries to stop this by being a vigilante at night. This show blew me away with a strong script, great cinematography and powerful performances. The action scenes have some of the most realistic fight scenes ever seen in and it'll leave you wanting for more. Charlie Cox as Daredevil is brilliant and Elden Henson (Foggy) along with Deborah Ann Woll (Karen) are fantastic and provide great characters and story lines of their own. But the standout performance among the cast is undoubtedly Vincent D'Onofrio as Kingpin who does a great performance giving a sense of humanity to his role but also becoming a menacing and an intimidating character at the same time.He clearly the highlight of the season for me. This season had perfectly set up the series providing a dark and engaging atmosphere and giving justice to the comic book readers as well as non readers alike. The second season had a lot to live up to ,considering the immense success and popularity of the first season. But still, this season was amazing . They got better everything season 1 was known for. The cinematography , the story , the screenplay and great casting choices like Jon Bernthal as Punisher who was fantastic in his role and Elodie Yung as Elektra who was also great ,gave more depth to the series and was better than the previous. The relationships between the trio was established greater and gave more complexity to each character. The fight scenes ( especially the stairwell one) will remain as some of the most well- done action scenes of all time. The first four episodes itself made it much better than season 1 giving the best introduction and portrayal of The Punisher we have ever seen. Hopefully, he'll get a TV series of his own.It was great to see these too men with different agendas but fighting for the same thing going at each other. I felt like towards the end of the season there was some problems with the consistency of the plot. Other than that , this series is perfect in almost every way. This is as show with a compelling and engaging story lines and is a must watch for all. Can't Wait for Season 3!