The first of four collaborations between Marvel Studios and online streaming service, Netflix, Daredevil is a fascinating depiction of good versus evil at its core.

Marvel's latest foray in television convinces beyond doubt: while Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. has largely recovered from a sluggish start and sister series Agent Carter was a vast improvement, Daredevil fulfills its potential to the fullest. This transpires partly since this is the initial series to delineate an actual superhero, as opposed to newly formed characters.

First introduced in the Silver Age of Comics in 1964 by legendary scribe Stan Lee, the narrative follows Matt Murdock (Charlie Cox), a man who lost his eyesight to an accident when he was young. However, the mishap grants him heightened senses, which he is able to hone with help from his mentor, Stick (Scott Glen). A lawyer by profession, he takes it upon himself to fight crime not just in the confines of a court room, but on a pedestrian level, using his elevated faculties.

A cross between Batman and Spider-Man, or more accurately Batman without the resources or Spider-Man without the web slinging, Daredevil is best described as a glorified ninja. His intuition and feline like reflexes are shown particularly well. For instance, he is often seen using his audioception ability to overcome a lack of ophthalmoception sense.

The show pits Daredevil against Wilson Fisk (Vincent D'Onofrio), the nefarious king pin of crime. The latter is firmly in the ascendancy, rising from humble beginnings to orchestrate a crime syndicate tacitly, without exposure or consequence, that is, until the emergence of the titular protagonist. Proving that the head that wears the crown is indeed uneasy, the central conflict sees both men grappling for the soul of the city they love.

Another strength of the series lies in its portrayal of good and evil in its purest form. Longtime foes in the comics and faithfully represented on screen, both men have distinct visions for their city: while one wants desperately to eliminate the threat posed by corruption, the other is hell bent on creating a malfeasance monopoly. 

Furthermore, both individuals make certain choices which craft their character: for example, both are defined by the loss of their fathers. Although the loss occurs in varying circumstances, the influence this bereavement has on both is the polar opposite. 

Another captivating sub-plot finds our hero motivated but ridden with conflict and inner turmoil, constantly at odds with his violent modus operandi. Religion is sporadically shown as his savior as he struggles to embrace his destiny. A spiritual healing allows him to test his physical and emotional limits.

Being on Netflix means the producers do not need comply with rules of broadcast television. Each episode is brimming with close combats, usually brutal and bloody in nature. The expert direction and execution in all scuffles is worthy of much praise. Grounded in reality and comprised of an ominous tone, the program is never afraid to dabble in mature themes. The excellent writing is also manifested in the intelligent, compelling dialogue.

A 13 episode saga permits the story to delve deep into the personal journey and transformation of every character, each of which is sublime. The supporting cast consists of Foggy Nelson (Elder Nelson), a loyal friend and business partner of Matt; Karen Page (Deborah Ann Woll) a determined damsel who is employed by their firm; and Claire Temple (Rosario Dawson), a reliable aide of Matt. In a city torn apart by demoralization, all of the aforementioned characters are vital in his mission to fight this war.

Synthesized by former Spartacus show runner Steven DeKnight, it also illustrates the fallout from other Marvel properties, namely the climactic battle seen in The Avengers. Also, a multitude of Easter eggs, a delight for avid fans, are featured on a regular basis teasing past and future events. While DC Comics properties Arrow and Flash operate in a separate universe, Daredevil is another functional cog in the burgeoning Marvel machinery.

Daredevil shows plenty of promise for Marvel's future on this platform, particularly the forthcoming shows, all of which will ultimately culminate in a miniseries called The Defenders, much like its blockbuster brethren, the Marvel Cinematic Universe.