I recently got very disenchanted with the whole genre of comic book adaptation, after numerous poor efforts on the movie scene. So, it was with great trepidation that I began to watch Daredevil. I was relieved to see that the whole feel of the show, takes on the feel of the Frank Miller era of the comics, with a lot of emphasis on the dark/light aspect of the characters. Speaking of the characters, excellent casting, particularly on the parts of bad guys Wilson Fisk (Vincent D'Onofrio) and Wesley (Toby Leonard Moore). These two exude menace from every syllable when they are in intimidation mode, but both characters have shown genuine affection and in the case of Fisk, deep love for Vanessa.

Maybe, its because a TV series has more time than a movie, but you do get to know each of the characters within this show. Even a few of the supporting cast. This may cause the pace of the show to feel slightly slow, but after a few episodes, I appreciated the patience and care that the writers/producers gave each moment. The storytelling is excellent, and never got over-complicated, and generally built to a climax, encouraging me to watch the next episode. The fight scenes are very good, and feel more realistic than the majority of action films. Spoiler alert - my favourite scene is when Daredevil takes on Nobu, a ninja with a sharp edge for a weapon. 

You can't help but draw comparisons with the 2003 film, but I personally feel this succeeds in focusing its energy on the core characters - Matt Murdock and Wilson Fisk, and their love of Hell's Kitchen, where they both grew up, rather than outside characters like Electra and Bullseye.

My only concern was Charlie Cox's ability to lead the show as the main character. After the first two episodes where he seemed to be a bit shaky, there seemed to an improvement, and I was able to relax and enjoy the show.

Verdict - A deep, thoughtful and entertaining adaptation from the best parts of the Daredevil comic books.

Now my anticipation has turned to the second series, and with plenty of decent stories to choose from, I can't wait for it to come to the small screen. If the same effort is put into future seasons, it should be a success.