Maintaining the same heavy and dark atmosphere, Daredevil introduces us to more complex iconic characters of the Marvel universe (Elektra and the Punisher) without forgetting the existing ones. We see a lot of character development on Karen Page (as she investigates the Punisher and constantly questions her own values and beliefs) as well as Foggy (we know his insecurities and beliefs better as his friendship with Matt Murdock is once again threatened). I have to point out that I did not like the evolution of Karen and Matt's relationship, although I understand why they decided to include it in the show (because of the comics!), I was not much of a fan.

Although we got a glimpse of the constant internal debate of Matt Murdock in season one, this time Matt seems to be constantly struggling about what's wrong and right, what's a hero and a villain. With the introduction to the Punisher and Elektra, this debate was inevitable. And this is one of the most exciting things of this season, I was always trying to categorize the three of them into hero or villain and I came to the conclusion that's not that black and white. Humans are so complex and, for that reason, there is a thin line between a good and a bad person. We are not just good or bad, we have both traits in ourselves.

Jon Bernthal plays Frank Castle, aka the Punisher, who is a vigilante who's not afraid to use violence (murder, kidnapping, torture,etc) in his war on crime. Frank Castle is a fascinating character, an antihero that can make us love and hate him at the same time. He brings a lot of violence to the season, which we all love. Jon Bernthal gives an epic performance and I hope we can see him more often in this amazing universe that Netflix created (what I mean is: give him his own TV show!).

Elektra, played by Elodie Yung, is a trained violent assassin but she's also an ex-girlfriend of Daredevil. I loved the tension between both of them and also all the story of their past and why she appeared in New York looking for his help. When they are together we see Matt Murdock actually enjoying his powers, which was really fun. Elodie Yung was a pleasant surprise, after watching this season I can't imagine Elektra being played by anyone else. She gives an amazing performance and I also wish to see more of her in the future, Elektra is a fascinating character and there's still a lot that has not been told (in other words, give her her own TV show!).

Some people criticize this second season by not having a consistent villain. I don't agree with that. First of all, I enjoyed the different approach of introducing two new antiheroes instead, it shows that the creators are not afraid of trying something new. The fact that they don't want to repeat themselves and have always the same structure shows that this TV show should be praised. Also, the complexity of Elektra and the Punisher completely occupied the show, leaving no space for a villain.

(I quite enjoyed Wilson Fisk appearances and I can't wait to see what happens to him next season.)

Daredevil managed to surprise me with (once again) impeccable action scenes all over the season. 

Marvel's Daredevil did not disappoint. I couldn't help watching the whole season in three days and I honestly can't wait to watch again. The intense atmosphere, spectacular script, breathtaking action scenes and stunning performances made me completely surrender. I can't wait for the third season and also for the rest of the TV shows related to the Marvel universe on Netflix. Marvel's Luke Cage is next and, if it is as good as Daredevil and Jessica Jones, Netflix will make history.