Marvel's new Daredevil series on Netflix gets it right by at least this long time Daredevil fan, and for me, the validation is in the 'Special Thanks' section of the ending credits of each episode. There the series gives a nod to a stellar cast of writers and artists who helped mold Daredevil comics over the years, and whose vision has well informed and inspired this spectacular series. Not only is this series dedicated to great television, but to paying respect to the artistic integrity that many comic books fans hold so highly.

Yes I'm a longtime Daredevil comic book fan, so the names listed in the credits is more than familiar, giving special thanks to Brian Michael Bendis, Gene Colan, Klaus Jansen, Alex Maleev, David Mazzucchelli, Roger McKenzie, Frank Miller, John Romita Jr., John Romita Sr, Joe Orlando, Archie Godwin, George Tuska (and although not mentioned in this list, DD creator Stan Lee, and comic writers Joe Quesada and Jeph Loeb are credited as well). I've seen the first 6 episodes already, and every time this frame of the credits plays, my mind correlates the details from the episodes with the comic books that inspired them.

So many details, let's just take a quick tour. Of course there is the original Stan Lee origin, but specifically the show get's it big art direction push from the Frank Miller / John Romita Jr. Daredevil: The Man Without Fear mini series from the 1990's, which inspires much of the Netflix series' visual details and style of narrative. The costume Matt wears with the black mask was the vision of this pre-costume tale. Add to this the feeling of urban realism from the epic Miller / David Mazzucchelli Daredevil: Born Again series, and I was hooked.

There's the street grit which began in the 1970's Gene Colon days and was perfected in the Frank Miller / Klaus Jansen in the 1980's, the run of Daredevil that revolutionized comic books. And there are the politics, corruption, and styling of the Bendis / Maleev comic book run of the 2000's. TO break up the grim of dark, the series gives us some light moments with humor inspired by happy go lucky moments of Foggy and Karen remind me of both the carefree days of the Stan Lee, but also the mini series Daredevil: Yellow by Jeph Loeb (who is also a producer of the Netflix series). And the Wilson Fisk and Vanessa plot finds inspiration in the best of both Miller and Bendis.

As for the superhero action, the series does not disappoint. The filming and choreography of the fight scenes of Daredevil is stunning, using a mix of both tight details of fists and impacts, along with long single-take shots, in which punch after punch is stylized with a realism that is not often seen in superhero films. Daredevil barely makes it through each fight, sometimes against a dozen men, who don't stay down. The fight scenes remind you of a long boxing match, where both fighters can barely stand, a fitting nod to Daredevil's boxer father, and to the meticulously choreographed fight scenes from the comic books, with visual queues from Miller / Janson / Mazzucchelli standing out in my mind. 

Marvel's Netflix Daredevil has a hit on their their hands, I can't wait to binge watch the rest of the episodes, and I'm already expected there will be a season 2. The direction and writing is a cut above the usual from average superhero films, and is not only going to win comic book fans, but the growing audience of people who love the film superhero genre. If you haven't watched it, you should now. Once you do, comic book fan or not, you will understand what fans of Daredevil experienced in this heroes long history.