The series focuses Matt Murdock a blind man who was blind since he was young and how his other senses enhance due to his blindness. Daredevil's main focus are on Matt Murdock and Wilson Fisk, while Foggy and Karen play secondary roles. Foggy plays the role of his partner at law and Karen plays the role of a girl who becomes Foggy's and Matt's first client and then how she becomes involved in both of their lives . Murdock plays the Protagonist while Fisk plays the Antagonist. Talking about Matt Murdock he is a vigilante by night and a lawyer by day. During the day he plays a role of a lawyer where he dresses up as a normal blind man and works with his college friend foggy nelson as partners in law, both of them are new to the business where they have newly opened up a law firm and are tending to hire clients, during the night Murdock dresses as a black vigilante who stops hell breaking loose and who actually wants to do some good thinking he could save the city.While Fisk is a man who believes in something totally different where he thinks the city needs revival , he also likes to operate in private and does not like it when people speak out his name, in the process fisk falls in love, where his business associates feel that he has lost his ability to be the King and they are forced to take counter measures. 

Why this series stands apart from other super hero TV shows? In my opinion this show is unlike any other superhero TV show we have seen before. Yes I'm talking about shows like Arrow, Flash and Gotham. While Arrow, Flash and Gotham focus on both the younger Audience and the and the Elder audience, this show basically focuses on the elder audience, this also is very realistic compared to the other shows. Yes these shows are from the super hero genre, but that always doesn't make a Superhero immortal. In Daredevil they actually show Matt Murdock getting tired, getting knocked out from his opponents, almost coming close to dying, cracking his ribs etc. 

Talking about the acting I thought it was Very satisfying. I have previously watched shows like Arrow and I did not see any real emotions or acting's which were showcased and it did not satisfy me or make me feel drawn towards the show, while people told me how can a person who spends most of his time wearing a mask show emotion. Its completely different in daredevil, whether he is suited up or not the acting which he showcases is very satisfying and believable , not only the hero even the Villain, the villain was portrayed brilliantly , where they show his anger issues and what causes him to act that way, apart from the main characters even the supporting characters were very satisfying they also showed real emotion and it makes you feel how they actually feel.

Talking about the character development this show has excellent character development, the hero himself starts off as a normal person who cleans up the street and prevents bad things from happening and when we reach towards the end of the reason, he has made a significant name where people look up to him, it just doesn't happen overnight, he gets beaten up and gets right up. Talking about the villain he starts of as a very powerful character and when it comes to the season he is compromised it's very rare when television shows that.

When it comes to the writing of the show its very well written, the dialogues aren't too cheesy, there are no scenes where you get bored and want to get it over with, and also how the characters are written into the show is perfect.

If you looking for a show which you want to get lost in and fall in love with the characters, Daredevil is the show just for you.

Unlike in movies this show makes use of 13 episodes to tell a whole story , which in this case is the origin story of both Kingpin and Daredevil.

Visit : http://cinematrackers.blogspot.com/ for more reviews