The hyperinflation of superhero movies and TV shows in recent years, as well as my utter indifference towards American comics, has almost ruined this recently revamped subgenre for me. I say almost, because Daredevil is a gripping portrayal of a character you just don't see as a superhero. No campy costumes, no mindless one-liners, no CGI and no sci-fi technology, just one guy with an exceptional ability fighting his demons as much as the bad guys.

Daredevil is dark, violent and disturbing, probing its two main characters as if it were a drama on the level of The Wire or Breaking Bad. Indeed, if it were not for the Marvel intro, I bet you couldn't tell it was set in the same universe as the blockbuster movies – intelligently only hinted at by the dialogue. It could function as a police drama all on its own.

Daredevil focuses on the eponymous hero Matt Murdock and his nemesis Wilson Fisk, exploring each character through their relationships in the present and in their formative years through flashbacks, and when they finally meet face to face, the tension is almost palpable. The supporting cast is just that, but great performances as well as impressive guest stars perfectly complement the performances by Charlie Cox and Vincent D'Onofrio, who deserves a special mention.

D'Onofrio plays Wilson Fisk with such intensity and presence, making us really feel the turmoil he's going through, almost bursting at the seams. His predilection for eclectic roles makes him possibly the best, if not the only choice for the series villain.

The fight scenes are just awesome, if a bit brutal and definitely not cartoonish, but serve to reinforce the hero as a reluctant hero, and to further differentiate him – and the series – from the run of the mill superhero fare we are inundated with both in the cinema as on TV.

I'm still watching the first season, and eagerly await each new episode, not to mention new seasons. It's truly a superhero show I can enjoy and wholeheartedly recommend if you've had too much of magic hammers, iron suits and green monsters.