That this show has lasted as long as it has (15 seasons?!) is not merely shocking, but also just plain sad. It is proof positive that one can never underestimate the lack of taste and sophistication in the American TV audience.

The entire Law & Order Franchise is pretty dreadful, given it's reliance upon tiresome, essentially unimaginative characters. More than any other -- even Criminal Intent -- L&O SVU relies upon the tiresome, stereotypical jaded, abusive, contemptuous, physically and verbally abusive cop to "solve" cases, in main and guest characters.

In one episode, Detective Benson willfully ignores a court judgment and assists a woman in leaving the U.S. for a country with no extradition treaty in order to evade court-ordered visitation rights for the father of the woman's child whom she had accused of rape (unsubstantiated by another court). Her supervisor and partners agree to collude and cover up her action. In another, Detective Stabler holds a suspect merely because of a minor prior involvement in another similar case and, when the suspect is quickly cleared of any involvement by DNA, still leaves him in the holding cell. Far too many episodes deal with problems and issues in the detectives personal lives, past and present, in a vain attempt to "humanize" them and garner audience empathy.

Neither of these detectives is ever apologetic about their abusive behavior when interrogating potential witnesses or suspects, usually without benefit and presence of a defense attorney or public defender. Witnesses and suspects are often threatened with obstructing justice in order to coerce their corroboration of the SVU detectives' assumptions. Their rude and often crude behavior toward members of the public is often reflected back upon them but they never seem to learn that one can get more with honey than vinegar.

Inexplicably, this show appears to have achieved wide distribution beyond the U.S. One can only hope that foreign audiences see and try to enjoy it for the fiction that it truly is.