I started out liking this. But by season 5, it started to go very idiotic and on a warpath against religion. It is also full of ridiculous lines and plots.

In the episode "Popular" (which was among the last that I watched), they are discussing a 13-year-old girl who was allegedly raped; Benson says she wants to check out mom and dad because "the father seemed very upset about his daughter having sex." Well, duh! ANY parent would be upset at a 13-year-old having sex! How ridiculous!!! (It's a shame; I do like this episode, mainly because I like Ned Luke; but that was a ridiculous thing to say; obviously the one who wrote it must not have a daughter of any age). 

In "Slaves" Benson points out; "She's not even his real daughter. She's adopted." Now THAT is a serious insult to ALL adopted children, including myself. I am just as much this family's daughter as blood. DNA alone does not make a family. Love does. Then, the writers have the audacity to write in (a few seasons later) that Benson was planning to adopt, but was denied. Serious hypocritical behavior for a woman who says that an adopted child is not the "real" son/daughter! I am now planning to adopt and I will treat that child no different than if I did indeed have her/him. Get a clue, people!!!

In several episodes, paramedics will say things like "it's likely he'll die" or "they will never walk again." My brother is a paramedic. They do NOT diagnose, do NOT determine if you will live or die, do NOT say things about possible disabilities you will have. The DOCTORS do the actual diagnosing. Paramedics are NOT doctors. They transport you to the doctors and the docs do the rest.

Episode "Competence" was the worst ever! Whoever wrote this should be ashamed! First, NOBODY at all takes care of a baby all alone! There are many many many disabled women who are even SINGLE mothers!!! As a disabled person myself, I was INSULTED by this!!! Are you going to say that I cannot be a mother? I do like Andrea Faye Friedman and Lois Smith, but this episode was complete stupidity!!! 

Episode "Coerced" was badly thought out during the rescue of the missing boy. They are searching for a missing boy in an abandoned boarded-up building. They tell him to bang on something and you hear metallic banging, like a pipe hitting another. When they locate the boy, his hands are tied behind his back and there is no pipe next to him that he could have used to bang on something. 

As far as religion is concerned, the show cops (in real life, I say "police" out of respect) deal with extremists or cultists and not actual religious people. Benson often says "I blame religion." Only extremists and cultists feel the need to kill (or harm) the people they believe are in the wrong. TRUE Christians believe that we pray for them! Christianity does NOT ever condone violence! We do NOT just pray and do nothing. We pray and take action and believe that God guides us! I wish these writers would at least research! There are many differences between a religion and a cult. Religion is about guiding the people. Cults are about control. Ever notice they never bad-mouth scientology idiots? Plus, TRUE Christians do not just pray and do nothing. We pray and then take action. We believe that God guides us, not does everything for us. I have been dealing with a condition since I was aged two. My family, religious, prayed AND followed doctor's instructions and made sure that I took my medications. This is what real Christians do. We believe that God granted people the intelligence to learn, research, and use that research to our benefit. Why would God grant humans such intelligence if He didn't expect us to use it? It is the extremists that refuse medical attention. But the people who make this show just refuse to get that and they put real religion in the same category as cults and extremists.

I detest the new detectives intently. That blonde woman (cannot remember her name) is a lousy actor. Why not bring back Dani Beck? I actually liked her. Instead they give us a lame actor and lame character.

SVU deals not only with sex crimes. They deal with ANY crime against a child. ANY. Children are considered special victims.

There are almost no new surprises anymore. "Oh no; he's really a woman!" "Oh no; she's really a man!" "Oh he's really a pedophile!" Same old, same old.

Why do ALL the children and young girl/boy characters have the SAME names? It's ALWAYS Henry, Molly, Sophie, and Katie! Where are the REAL names, such as Stephanie? Or Travis? Or Trevor? Or Charlotte? I hate these "cutesy" name being used all the damn time. 

The only ones I watch now are the ones that guest-starred Naveen Andrews, Ned Luke (except "Surrender Dorothy"), and Jeremy Irons.

Finally, Mariska Hargitay has the most ridiculous haircut. Does she know how awful she looks? I cannot stand looking at that haircut that looks like she cut it with a weed-whacker.

I will stay with the ORIGINAL "Law & Order"! That was (and still is) the best ever crime-drama TV series!