Luke cage is the third different marvel character to get a netflix series and just like daredevil and Jessica jones this is a very enjoyable series. This series sees Luke cage a man with unbreakable skin try to clean up the streets of Harlem. Mike colter played cage in Jessica jones season 1 and he did a great job and he continues giving a great performance in this series. His character is very complex and the show looks at the depth that his character has had to go through and why he doesn't really want to be a hero. He has likability and feel like a real guy that just happens to be a superhero. Simone missick plays misty knight a detective looking into cage and she is great in this show. She has a toughness to her that makes her an interesting character but in certain scenes you see her vulnerability in her and it makes you care about her. Theo rossi plays shades and I found his character allot of fun he was an appropriately over the top bad guy but was also a pretty cool bad guy in this series. Alfre Woodard stands out as mariah Dillard as I found her character one of the most interesting in the show and her development was great to watch. Rosario Dawson reprising her role as Claire temple and mahershala ali as cottonmouth do great jobs giving great performances. The story gives cage a great humanizing story that really allows you to believe in his character. Also most of the supporting characters are given satisfying story arcs. However, the story does move very slowly at times and there is sometimes too much going on and too many story arcs to follow that don't focus on Luke cage. The script has a great mix of humour and drama to allow the series to fit in perfectly with the other series and give it it's own unique spin. The style of the show is very stylish and unique especially with the great score and some decent action scenes. But the show gets drawn out a bit too much with the show dragging a bit and getting a bit too repetitive and silly towards the end of the season. Overall I really enjoyed the first season of Luke cage and I think it is a very important show for the future and is worth a watch.