MARVEL'S Luke CAGE (2016) is now streaming on Netflix, and the first episode, WHO'S GONNA TAKE THE WEIGHT, really get the ball rolling. Cage (Mike Colter) is a former convict now endowed with invulnerability and super strength, really just wants to be left alone. He first appeared in MARVEL'S JESSICA JONES as her confidant and lover, but left to move to Harlem. He was hoping for a quiet life, but this is a Marvel show so that isn't going to happen. I'm not sure Harlem is the place to go for peace and quiet, especially in his neighborhood. 

The first episode was rather slow. It sets the environment; the location, time, mood of the show making it almost straight drama. Almost. We have the crooked night club owner, Cornell "Cottonmouth" Stokes (Mahershala Ali), the detective with an agenda, Misty Knight (Simone Missick),Hernan "Shades" Alvarez (Theo Rossi) as a street smart criminal some sort of ties to Cage's past, Willis Stryker / Diamondback (Erik LaRay Harvey) as a powerful arms dealer, and Mariah Dillard (Alfre Woodard) a questionable politician and they all have angels and agendas.

It's an intriguing cast of characters, but they work well together. It's the acting that keeps the show from being too dry. The story is somewhat methodical, and a tad "on the nose", but it's the characters that make this show. 

There was also no mention of the Sokovia Accords. Luke Cage is a powered person, and under the new law he must register with the government. So far, he's flying under the radar. Like I said, this is a Marvel show. Cage flying under the radar isn't going to last. 

There's a little side note, that was a bit confusing at first; Alfre Woodard is in CAPTAIN America: CIVIL WAR, but she doesn't play the same character at all. It kind of threw me at first.

All in all, I'm looking forward to seeing where this story goes. JESSICA JONES was a little slow in the beginning, but ended strong. I have yet to be really disappointed with Marvel. I suspect this show will end strong.