This is one of the first spin-offs from the Law and Order series. It deals with a unit of detectives that have to investigate sexually oriented crimes such as rape, torture, paedophilia, child abuse. What is a first is we don't just see the affect the crimes have on the victims but also the police that have to deal with sick people who commit these perverted crimes. I think it helps that we see these detectives as human beings who have to see all these bad things at work and have to go home and try not to let it affect their lives but we see it isn't that simple and it leaves them scarred and not really being able to share this with other people but with each other.

The cast are wonderful. I can't sing their praises enough, I do think that they all deserve awards as it is a hard job they have to do. They have great chemistry and work well off one another. The cast includes Christopher Meloni (Elliot Stabler) who I think is often overlooked and deserves an award. He is an ex-military man who has worked in this unit a long time and has to balance the traumas he sees at work with his family life at home and who can never talk about his work with them as he doesn't want it to affect their lives. With all that he sees, he still wants to do his job and stop the people who prey on the innocent. Mariska Hargitay (Olivia Benson) is a child of rape who can't let go of the fact that her father raped her mother. Mariska has definitely deserved the awards she has received. Richard Belzer (John Munch), Dann Florek (Donald Cragen) who like Belzer appears as the same character in other crime dramas. I wasn't sure about Ice-T (Fin Tutuola) but he has grown on me. Also, B.D. Wong as Dr. George Huang and Diane Neal as A.D.A Casey Novak add to the talented cast.

The programme is not scared to tackle the hard issues that affect people and they do it in an unflinching way. The stories are disturbing, emotional, often horrific but I think we need to see a show like this to address the audience and say this does happen in the real world and the people involved can't switch off the programme and forget about what they have gone through, they do not have that option. I do think we need to be reminded how lucky we are and this show reminds us of that but also puts a human face on the police.