I started watching Orange is the New Black with my girlfriend a few months ago and I tolerate it for the sake of having a programme that we both watch and discuss. When the third series ended and we waited for the fourth, I binge watched Weeds, not realising at the time that there was any connection but just about everything I found wrong with Oranges is the New Black applied to Weeds as well.

At the outset, I found the premise quite interesting but somewhat distant from what the hype had led me to expect. I had, for some reason, expected a gritty, perhaps brutal, examination of life in a women's prison. I didn't expect a consommé thin factory produced programme with the depth of the average soap opera. I hung in there hoping that the characters would engage me but they did not develop. The plot was as interesting as watching a marble roll around a maze. My girlfriend and I hardly spoke about episodes after we watched them, which was unusual. We just plodded on. And on. And so on.

After one episode, my girlfriend asked me which character was my favourite and rather than being able to say, in an instant, the name of somebody I cared about, I thought for quite some time going through every character I could remember and could not think of one about whom I gave a damn.

The reason is simple, there are no characters in this series. Sure, there are names in the script who have lines but none of them are consistent. They are shapeless vessels from which lines are delivered. I felt sorry for the actors having, say, to be stupid in one scene and articulate in another. They weren't even two dimensional - they were nebulous and without the actor's face, would have been unrecognisable from scene to scene.

Only after the end of the third series did my girlfriend and I really talk about it and both agreed that the writing was awful and the whole thing lacked any texture. Nonetheless, we are watching the fourth series, ore out of habit than interest, and it just gets worse. Now the plot has taken over as the worst flaw. I hesitate to use the expression, 'jumped the shark' but having an inmate stand on a dining table for days on end without food or drink stretches all kinds of real world precepts. And following the discovery of the body in the garden, I very much doubt that it would be in the jurisdiction of the guards to carry out the investigation.

I suppose it is possible that we are expected to believe that Lichfield has gone rogue but everything looks too wobbly to be believable. With just a few more cackly lewd gags and a guard stepping on an inmate's towel, this could pass as an American Carry On Cellmate.

{UPDATE}

Having just watched the last two episodes of Series 4, it occurred to me that had the programme opened at that point, it may have met my expectation to a greater degree. But everything is still too clean.