Cranston's portrayal of a man who never knew how to live until his diagnosis of cancer, was not only worthy of an Emmy award, but in fact a sure winner as he won it for best actor, for his transformation of a goofy dad from "Malcolm in the Middle" to a hard core drug dealer in "Breaking Bad". Breaking Bad truly demonstrates how far a man will go for the well being for his family, as he goes through a life changing transformation. Vince Gilligan has managed to produce a very simple storyline yet very effective in both action and drama, as he presents a man near death and running out of options the only thing left to do, "Break Bad". Cranston's not the only star in the show there's also Aaron Paul who has not only won one, but two Emmy award for outstanding acting for his portrayal of young adult gone down the wrong road, is absolutely fabulous as it reflects to real life of many people who have gone down the same path, making the show more intense, Breaking bad was nominated for cinematography, as its season 4 demonstrated the power of special effects. The opener starts off with a great scene of two planes crashing into each other, which is masterfully crafted as not only did it look realistic but also tired in greatly with the storyline as it shows how destructive Walters(Bryan Cranston) life has become. Great cinematography is once again shown in the equally brilliant season 5. Walter (Bryan Cranston) demand the murder of 8 people, yes it may seem a bit harsh calling a murder great thing but with the help of Gilligan's great directing skills they are all shown in an impressive montage of flashes where we see each prisoner being killed in different ways. As I said before murder is harsh, but with the help of music it s and looks like a piece of artwork. In many shows music is mainly used to represent certain emotions for characters, however in breaking bad it is used to create a surprising sense of humor every time when we see the duo "cooking a batch", by doing so it make something so dangerous such as making drugs seem almost fun and harmless, as such jolly music accompanies it. Breaking bad is not all about action as hard as it sound, in fact it can be quiet poetic as each character is represented by the colors of there clothing for instance in the beginning of the series we see Walter wherein grey to represent the dullness in his life but as the show progressed it soon changed to black and blue which highlight the dangers in life as well as the excitement. Overall I believe that there is a lot of potential left for the shows which we will hopefully see in 2013 where it will continue the legacy of it presodecer seasons or hopefully surpass them in excitement and drama. If anyone was to ask me for a TV show, the first thing I will say is breaking bad.