By the time I started watching this show, it's been a year already since it's end. The show was very praised and called the greatest show of all time by many. I didn't binge-watch since while the show is very good, it wasn't that addicting for me. Anyways, I'll now start reviewing the show season by season.

Season 1 - It's not bad, but it's all a set up really and it has only 7 episodes, so when I finished this season, I was like:"So this is really the greatest show of all time?". Pilot episode was great and promising, but then the middle of the season was kinda dragging. There was some great acting, of course but it's all very small compared to the rest of the series. Then episode 6 came and I was amazed and I was expecting a lot from the finale, but it felt really anti- climatic. It was better than episodes 2-5, but it still wasn't anything special like episodes 1 and 6. See, the thing with Breaking Bad is that sometimes it may seem really slow and even pretty boring at times, but when it gets good, then it's DAMN AWESOME! And that was pretty clear even here, but this season is still a huge disappointment and the worst of the show. 6/10

Season 2 - A huge improvement over Season 1. We get to know more about the characters and their problems, it's pretty intense at times, some people call this season boring too, but it wasn't really boring to me. It started off pretty intense and episode 2 was extremely intense. After that, it gets a bit slower again, but there is a stand-alone episode which is an absolute perfection. It's episode 6 and it's called Peekaboo. After that, it's not boring at all, at least not for me and by the end of the season is where Walter's breaking bad really starts. And he's not the only one who is breaking bad here. It also affects some other characters and changes them in later seasons. And the finale is much more fitting here and has quite a cliffhanger. 9/10

Season 3 - This season was pretty good, but for me it's kind of a let down after Season 2 that very pleasantly surprised me. It's really slow for the first 5 episodes, but then episodes 6-8 make up for it, especially episode 7. The next episodes are also very good, but it feels like some of them are only appreciated for their climax. And the same case is with me because not really much happens during an episode, but then there comes a terrific ending, I'm talking mostly about the last 2 episodes of the season. And some people may call episode 10, "Fly", just a pointless filler, but I really enjoyed it. The whole episode was stand-alone and didn't have much to do with the main plot, but for me it was well worth a watch. So, at the end, I can say that this season is pretty decent, but not as good as Season 2. 8/10

Season 4 - OK, that was amazing. In my opinion the best season of the show. It may have a slow start, and even middle, but it's not as slow as it can be and it's enough to keep you interested. But the last 4 episodes, oh boy! That's the most intense thing I've ever seen. Especially the end of episode 11, "Crawl Space". I've never been so scared in my entire life. Just the way the last scene is shot is brilliant, and the soundtrack and Bryan Cranston's acting makes it all even better. I literally got a panic attack and I could feel my heart beating in my chest like it's going to burst out. Just incredible! And the last two episodes were almost as incredible as this one. This season may have a slow start, and maybe even middle, but the last 4 episodes make up for it all. 10/10

Season 5 - The one that ends it all. By now, Walt completely broke bad and this season gibes you such a mix of emotions. One more thing about this show is that you can't simply have a favorite character here. They all have a good side, but they are all really flawed. After all, they are just ordinary people and that's the main reason this show feels so realistic. You don't know how to feel about some characters and one moment you can't stand them, but the other you completely feel for them. Or vice versa. In this season, that happened to me with literally half of the characters. This season has only a few boring episodes and there is always something interesting happening in each episode, at least a small part. And I appreciated Aaron Paul before, but he truly amazed me in this season. He should be in more good movies, because that way he could get an Oscar one day! And I don't even need to say anything about Bryan Cranston. He's fascinating. This season was very dramatic and tragic at times and when it ends, you just can't believe it's over even tho it's all tied very well. And while this season was very good, I still appreciate the suspense of Season 4 a bit more so that one remains my favorite. 9/10

I'm so sorry to say this, but while this show is very good, it might be just one tiny bit overrated. Please don't kill me. But I still think everyone should watch it because some moments in this show are better than some of the greatest movie scenes. But it felt like it lacks substance at some parts, so I'm not giving it a 10.