I love media and entertainment. Movies and video games tend to be my favorite but one form of media I don't really like nowadays is television. I used to love TV series as a child but growing up I've lost a lot of interest. Despite this I actually thoroughly enjoyed one show, and that show was Breaking Bad. I've always heard about this show from everyone saying how awesome it was, but I never really had any interest until I saw my uncle watching it. I was hooked on just one episode. 

The series is all about a chemistry teacher named Walter White who is diagnosed with lung cancer. His future looks bleak but he decides to get treatment for the cancer anyways which would be expensive and probably put his family into debt, so he decides to do something crazy just to support his family. He had two jobs already but being a teacher and car wash worker alone could not do the job. He teams up with the second main character, Jesse Pinkman to synthesize and market methamphetamine. This point is where the series takes off and gets much more interesting. Walter White and Jesse Pinkman turn from zeroes into successful and rich drug lords. 

Everything about this show was just fantastic. My favorite aspect of the entire show though had to be the characters. All of the characters, even the minor ones were three dimensional and exciting. I loved this show so much that I even liked to see the characters I didn't like, because they still added something amazing to the story. There was also loads of character development and even character derailment. All of the characters' relationships and interactions made sense and tied together. The main character Walter White, who turned into a monster, I still supported because he was just so well written that I couldn't help but love him no matter what he did. If anyone wants a show with great characters they would really like this show. 

Another aspect about this show I like is the theme and dark tone. This show was intended for mature audiences and nothing about this show was sparkly or innocent. I love morbid TV series and everything about this show was morbid. I was on the edge of my seat every episode. It was almost as if I could feel all the suspense and nervousness the characters felt. Usually it's very difficult to pull off dark themes, but Breaking Bad did it with perfection. I do admit though that the first couple of episodes were really hard to watch but it turned out to be worthwhile. Let's just say the whole thing about drugs, murder, sex, families being torn apart, and etc. was pulled off marvelously. 

This show just had everything. Although my favorite parts of this show were the characters and tone, I still liked everything else such as the plot, music, visuals, and writing. I don't think I'll find another show that can hook me like this one. If you couldn't already tell I highly recommend this show to all adult viewers who like something edgy. If you don't really like edgy shows try this anyways because it's just that good.