It is easier to talk about the things that are wrong with 'Breaking Bad' than those which are right, because it is such an incredibly short list. For the sake of balance, however, a summation of what makes 'Breaking Bad' worthy of the hype here follows: 

A unique idea, fantastic writing which leaves very few holes (if any), perfect arc of characters and storyline, and excellent pace throughout every season. The tension of each season reaching a peak higher than the last, then dropping it back down but never quite as low as you were before, superb direction and production value, powerful performances that take you on a compelling emotional roller coaster ride and a sense of intensity that gets you truly caring about what happens to the people involved; the performances are phenomenal and they support the already well judged writing. With every bad event, every loss and pain, you the audience feel the weight of it. A great cast sell the whole thing perfectly, but standout performances throughout from Emmy-winner Bryan Cranston, Emmy-winner Aaron Paul, who really did surprise me as the show moved forward, and "the guy from every American TV show" Dean Norris, who plays the rather annoying but ultimately very good Detective Hank Schrader. The music throughout is perfectly pitched, with a lot of source material driving the drama home perfectly.

It is also a show that gets in, does the job and gets out; it doesn't hang around for superfluous, flawed seasons. It's the show you will miss, rather than wish had ended by now. It is fair to say that upon watching the first season, you may not see what people are so obsessed with; if you reach the end of season three and aren't addicted, you may not be alive. The show develops slowly, exploring the realistic repercussions of the drug world chemistry teacher Walter White and ex-student Jesse Pinkman get themselves involved in.

The bad? A couple of dud episodes throughout the show, and a lack of finality for some characters; would have been nice to have seen more time spent with certain characters toward the end. Ironically for a show that is generally a slow-burner, the finale feels perhaps a little rushed out. Walter White's development is superb, though ultimately he doesn't "bring the rain" quite as heavily as I was hoping/expecting before......well, that would be spoiling the end. 

The small quibbles aside, there is no doubt that Vince Gilligan has again created a cultural phenomenon with a TV show. On a geeky side note, keep an eye out for episodes directed by Michelle McLaren, she's a fantastic talent!