It looks like Vince Gilligan has cooked up meth of his own: the show which is so addictive that we, the viewers, keep wanting more of it. The addicting element for me in the show "Breaking Bad" is the depth, to which the author explores human character. W.W. is not a protagonist, he is a true antagonist, whose redeeming qualities wither away with each new episode. 

When the chemistry teacher, who is obviously passionate about his subject, receives a life- changing diagnosis, we all feel badly for him, for his family, and for his unborn daughter. He seems like a good guy, who leads a "normal" life working hard to provide for his family. Most of us try to understand him and justify his choices when he breaks the law cooking meth in order not to leave his family behind penniless. We even root for him to succeed! 

However, as more events unfold, it becomes clear that proving to the world his genius is the sole driving force behind Walter's actions. His cancer is merely a catalyst that has accelerated the process. I believe one's true nature is stripped naked in excruciatingly difficult circumstances. W.W. finds himself in such upon learning about his cancer. And we, the viewers, hopefully begin to see through him.

A man, who loves his family, does not put his family in danger. A man, who understands what it means to be a friend and a partner, does not betray. A man, who values life, does not wash his hands with innocent people's blood. A man, who is a genius, does not have to prove it to the whole world. 

A brilliant chemist, who has not received a recognition he believes he deserves, a manipulative son of a bitch, who only knows how to use people, an egotistic maniac, who is obsessed with sanitary conditions of the physical world, Walter White gives a new meaning to the scum of the earth. 

I was sad to see Mike go. He saw right through W.W. I hope Jesse will too. Who knows, Jesse Pinkman might just turn out to be our Jesse James! If I were writing this show, this is how I would end it, with Jesse blooming into a real "hero." 

I hope that giving up Gilligan's meth won't be too painful when the show comes to its end!