Breaking Bad is an immensely powerful show which is terrifically written, very well acted and creative in so many ways. The show is also well grounded and doesn't seem over exaggerated (something which could actually happen). The majority of the characters are interesting and so you can connect with them in many ways, the character arcs from the 'Pilot' to 'Felina' is truly astonishing. I for one have watched the series twice, the first concentrating on the characters and storyline and the second looking out for the beautiful pieces of foreshadowing and symbolism and also wondering why a character has chosen to do something. The cinematography and amount of thought and effort that has gone into each episode is just extraordinary. However BB can suffer from pacing issues particularly in between season 2-3 (literally the only negative).

Many people will point out that the first season is slow but I found it to be a great introduction to the main characters and prepared you for future events. We get an introduction to Walter in the infamous RV a clever technique is used here (and in future episodes) which gives the audience a clichéd moment of "what happens next?" By the second episode Walter has killed a man. An extremely hard decision to make from an innocent person. By the last episode of this season we have established that Tuco is a major threat to our 'heroes' Walt and Jesse. But Walt begins to exhibit his own dark side when he introduces 'Heisenberg' and so from this point on there is no turning back because of the sacrifices and choices he has made for his family.

Season 2 focuses on the other main character Jesse Pinkman and how a young trouble maker deals with the illegal meth making business. Due to Jesse being a 'lone ranger' so to speak it seems that he can hind his criminal activities better than Walt. But we realize Jesse is an emotional character in comparison to how heartless Walt can be. The death of Jane is a perfect example of these two parallels.

Season 3 is slightly better than 2 as Walt and Jesse delve deeper into the meth world, and this affects those around them. Skyler must deal with the fact her husband is a criminal and doesn't understand why. The end of this season is one I favor over anything in seasons 1 and 2. 'Half and Full measure' are superb episodes because of how much Walt is willing to sacrifice to climb the business ladder and to show Mike and Gus what he's capable of. He means business and disposing of him is far from easy. Walt is toxic a Gus Fring in his own right, unpredictable and always ahead of the game.

Season 4 just goes to show how the series continues to surprise us in many ways. From the first episode we still know Gus is at the top and Walt and Jesse are mere workers in a big operation. However Walt's ego continues to expand much like his cancer did/will and continues to find new and inventive ways to get his way. In 'Face off' (my personal favourite) Walt disposes of his boss and enemy in the best death of any TV show ever! Props to the special effects and makeup too. Now Heisenberg is truly the "one who knocks" and the meth kingpin.

Season 5- Now that Fring is dead and no longer an issue Walt takes his place over Mike and Jesse. Walt feels at the top and he really is but he's completely lost touch with Skyler and the rest of his family and so things are just going to get worse. Jesse begins to see Walter as he really is (thanks to Mike) and they decide to leave the business. Walt despises this idea and his anger gets the better of him, killing Mike in the process. Believing it had to be done he shrugs it off and hinds it from Jesse; he becomes ever more suspicious. 'Gliding over all' sets up the final season perfectly as Hank discovers that Walt is Heisenberg. Tensions have risen yet again! I get goosebumps whenever I watch this scene! When the truth is out in the final season s**t has hit the fan and everyone is at breaking point. Walt appears weak in the middle of this season, desperately hiding and protecting/disposing of anything Hank can use to convict him. The complete breakdown and effects of Walt's actions have created all of this- disconnection of family and friends, the deaths of hundreds of innocent people and the scars he's left on those affected. Walt's demise is sad but should be satisfying. He convinced himself it was for his family but in the end he admitted it was for himself- he felt 'ALIVE'. It just goes to show even the nicest people are capable of doing horrific things if they convince themselves its for the greater good. He can't justify what he's done but can try and set things right and finally see himself for what he has become and understand that 'Heisenberg' was under his skin the whole time he just needed something to set him free. A life altering thing that made him see the world in a different light and knew he had to change to adjust to this situation even if it was morally wrong, Walt was Heisenberg and he was alive....

Its easy to see how I believe this is and always will be the greatest TV show ever, its original story, amazing moments, characters and everything else are simply unmatched. I'm so glad BB received many awards- it fully deserves them all. It is a work of Art, the highest point Television is going to reach and that is the truth. Breaking Bad is a masterpiece.