I re-watched this show entirely a few months ago because my girlfriend hadn't seen it yet. After its initial run I thought it was the greatest thing ever produced by modern media. But after watching it again I feel that it could be a little bit shorter (and a few other criticisms noted below). 

Some of the episodes and seasons could've been combined. It's like a long novel that unfolds slowly and never really goes where you expect. Some scenes are a little ridiculous like the "terminator" scene where Gus walks out of the nursing home. This kind of over- dramatization throughout is what keeps this show from true greatness. 

I also felt that some of the plot twists were a little too contrived for mass appeal. I can imagine how difficult it is to get this balance right between brilliant writing and entertainment for simpler audiences. I feel like shows like Sopranos and The Wire are a little more bold in this regard (ie. season/episodes don't always have to have cliffhangers, the story is what matters most).

The characters are really what make this show great. There's so much development and depth to each of them and of course the acting is par excellence. It's interesting to explore such a complex moral dilemma (ie. good people doing bad things) from so many different perspectives. Yet I almost wish these ethical themes were explored even more explicitly. 

Like most television and movies, everything is presented from a very human centered perspective. It would be so refreshing to broaden that and a show like this has so much opportunity to do it. They tried with characters like Gail and even Jesse at times. I guess that would deter mass appeal. 

The last season in particular was quite perfect from beginning to end. I also liked the ending (which is a criticism I had for those other shows mentioned), perhaps the greatest ending of all time for a longer show.

I know they made the Better Call Saul spin off (which I really loved) but what I would be most interested in is a show about Jesse. What happened to him? But preferably a few decades later or even more. He was really the "conscious" of the show and the character I personally identified with the most. 

I wish more shows and movies would hold themselves to such a high standard as Breaking Bad does. I look forward to seeing the future work of Vince Gilligan.