I never got to watch this show on TV (apart from the pilot which I loved) as I was always working so I only ever caught the odd show. So I have rented seasons one and two from the DVD store and will be doing the same with the following seasons.

This show is superb from the acting to the dialogue to the sets to the characters to the directing to the realism to the classic character names (Gonzo, Skinny Pete, No-doze, Badger to name a few). It has everything I could ever want.

I love how the two main characters White and Pinkman develop and change with Mr White undergoing the most severe metamorphosis, sometimes subtle and sometimes in your face. His change, even by season two, is significant having gone from the typical suburban husband, who has never lived up to his own personal expectations of what his life should have been to the hardcore get it done at all costs semi street wise drug pusher. The scene where Mr White lets Pinkman's manipulative, ambitious girlfriend die from her drug overdose is permanently etched in my mind. You can see the thought processes and the hesitations as White considers whether to assist this girl or not ultimately knowing that to protect his family and Pinkman he has no other choice but to let her die. Just another necessary body piled up along the way and with it another small step towards becoming just like the vile characters that Whiteman has had to deal with in the drug world. Another death necessary to ensure the survival of his family.

In Season One I liked Pinkman and thought he was given a bad wrap by White. I thought Pinkman had potential to be a very capable business partner even though he was prone to making some immature and stupid choices. Despite this he does bring his druggie contacts and street smarts to the table. This enables Mr White to infiltrate a society much quicker than he would have on his own if at all. However in Season Two Pinkman just continues to make every possible cockup there is and potentially derail the whole operation at every turn by making small but key mistakes through oversight, bad judgement or just not thinking. You sense the frustration from White which threatens to explode at every turn and scene.

The relationship between Pinkman and White is complex. At one point Mr White states that for every step forward they make they take two steps backwards. So true. Every time they make some decent money something happens so they lose this coin or they have to pay bribes or make payoffs to avoid going down and so Mr White has to keep "cooking". White and Pinkman are like an old married couple forever arguing and deriding each other interspersed with the odd happy time due to some temporary success. Yet they are intimately linked together not seemingly able or wanting to escape "the beast" they have created. Despite heavy criticism of Pinkman by White and vise versa you can tell that White still feels a certain minor level of responsibility towards Pinkman at least by the end of season two. This of course may change as the seasons progress.

Breaking Bad reflects what ordinary people will do in the name of survival. I have always believed that despite mankind's modernization and progress you only need to scratch at the surface to reveal people's true motivations and what individuals will do in order to live another day. This is a show that uncovers the seedy side of society and shows the ordinary viewer that the drug world may not be quite what they expected.

Despite seemingly a licence to print money for the upper echelons there is always a cost. You have to be prepared to do very bad things and have a certain moral flexibility. Actually your success in the drug world means having no morals and no empathy for other people for if you have these traits or show any weakness it will for sure be your undoing.

So for those that have ever pondered going down this road BB is a fantastic wake up call all from the safety of your armchair.

I am looking for forward to the watching the remaining seasons.