It is a wonder, and a great mistake on my behalf, that I only got around to watch "Breaking Bad" now in 2016, because I have really been missing out on something phenomenal. What initially made me stay away from the series back when it was airing was the premise of a cancer-struck teacher making methamphetamine. I mean, how much fun could a TV series about such a thing be? But I was put to shame, multiple times over, because "Breaking Bad" is nothing short of extraordinarily spectacular.

The series starts out in a very high gear and never really slows down. Which is a very impressive feat, because it is quite a thing to keep it going at such a high and fast pace for 6 seasons without losing momentum.

What makes "Breaking Bad" so phenomenally good is the combination of a thrilling storyline, interesting and well-fleshed-out characters and a myriad of talents actors and actresses to portray these characters. The storyline and the characters come off as being believable and realistic and that is one of the aspects that really appealed to me. And also that Bryan Cranston was superbly cast for the role of Walter White.

I sat through all episodes in all of the six seasons in a very short time, and it seemed like I had just started when I reached the very last episode. A testimony to how compelling and captivating the storyline really was.

"Breaking Bad" combines seriousness and light comedy in a good manner, which does work quite well.

The only downside to the series is that it does suffer from predictability. You know what will happen to Walter White and Jesse Pinkman ahead of time, as they are the two main characters. But it is not really a factor that drags down the overall enjoyment of the series in any way. Especially because the director managed to build up the scenes throughout the series in a manner that you really want to see what happens, despite of you already knowing it.

Well, there are actually two downsides to the series, come to think of it, and the other being that it is unlikely that you will sit down to watch it a second time, as the series doesn't seem to have that much repeated watching value.

If you, like me, have missed out on this TV series, then you really should do yourself a favor and sit down to watch it, because it is really a blast of a TV show.