Spoilers will be hinted at and will barely touch on the finale.

I got to admit right away I got into it pretty late, I watched it from the first episode yes but that wasn't until just before the second half of the final series had started. Like many I have only seen Bryan Cranston for the most part as Hal in Malcolm In the Middle (or other TV Sitcoms) and was hard to imagine then him in a drama I could take seriously. After seeing him as the only consistently good thing in the Total Recall remake suddenly I changed my tone.

The series throughout is full of great drama, with some humour too throughout. The series is always full of diverse characters, many with a dark side and there's few that I wouldn't consider forgettable. As the series progresses there's a startling transformation in the title character and his family. The sad thing about it was the thought it only took place over the space of two years (most of it covered in the first 5 1/2 seasons), which is one of the things that did make it slightly disturbing.

The humour itself varies from dark, gross out and mildly slapstick in a few episodes, Many guest stars like Cranston I knew as reoccurring characters in sitcoms too. (You may not look at some of them the same way again).

Warning most of the following touches upon the last 8 episodes.

But towards the end it does get intense and extremely disturbing, when the truth truly comes out then the tone changes drastically. Suddenly characters you cared about from the get go are portrayed in a whole new light. It definitely shows how the drug world can change people to rapidly yes but you may start to change your hopes for the ending. 

Walter White who you might have once felt for was truly a one of a kind character you loved to love and at the same time loved to hate. The transformation he goes through in the first episode to the final few episodes is what made the show so emotionally disturbing, there was one episode I couldn't sit through in one go. I found myself hoping for the cliffhanger only to find there was another ten minutes left.

But sadly with all this in mind, the ending I feel looking back on yet was fitting and what I wanted but it was hard not to feel underwhelmed by it considering the buildup to it. The tone felt too somber, you knew it was going to lead up to a big confrontation which you get and it has some awesome moments.

But well the final moment just disappoints, there's a sense Walt and his on off partner still cared but it just left me thinking "that's it are you kidding me?" but still you hoped for the opposite to what happens between the two.

But despite this the show did live up to the hype, and is worth checking out regardless.