#‎BreakingBad‬ - All Bad things must come to an end.

>>>>SPOILER ALRET<<<< I'm going to give a long review here. so Prepare yourself, if u like to see my opinion. First of all a very big ‪#‎hug‬ ‪#‎Respect‬ to Vince Gilligan - Man who started it all. one of the best TV show i have ever watched. Suggestion from members and IMDb Rating, I started watching this TV series. Before I started watching this TV series, I read the story plot in IMDb and I wondered , how a drug dealing story plot will have above 9 rating ? so I kept all my thoughts aside and give it a try. Well, it was a worth a try. Yeah ! From beginning to end , it just made my days better, whenever I watched it. Normally all TV serials , starts off in a good note , but later it will lose its track and the creators somehow wanted to end it before it's losing its fans. Here things are entirely different. this one started as good, and gone to better and ended as best. Not the very simple best , but the extreme best . It's so rare to achieve the 100 % satisfaction , but this show made so near to it. The way Vince wrote the screenplay and handling the characters at most at the best. He did lot of home work I think. I can see so much effort in there. Mostly, it's so rare to see Movies/TV serials based on a dry lands , but this TV series crew made the show, so interesting, by shooting the series in the dry areas. This crew deserves a lot of respect. Most of the time , I can't able to guess what happens. yes, the element of surprise is mostly there to amaze me. only in few areas I guessed what happens next. this show have sentiments, emotional, action, thriller etc., Also it projected how cancer can turn the things up , how a normal man become a don of an empire, how he to do things to cover a lie , to cover a single lie many lies are introduced. One of the main thing about this show is , THE ELEMENT OF SURPRISE - it bought so many fans and Also BryanCranston (W.W). There are few loops there, but that doesn't matter a bit when we have such fantastic screenplay.

Never thought a drug based story was this much interesting . As for entertainment it's OK to enjoy and we all support WW , but in social view i didn't want any of this to happen.

I need to mention about the lead actors here .They did a great job in placing this TV SHOW In the crown of the king. ‪#‎BryanCranston‬ (Walter White) - known him through this series only. When started, he looked like a normal guy and somewhat I remember that, he had that comedy image around him for almost before he started acting in this show. certainly I don't know about that. that's turned out to be good for me. I enjoyed his performance when seasons pass by and every time he amazed, stunned me by his unbeaten acting. he had shown the exact body symptoms and body language for a person who suddenly came to know his cancer and the way he dealt with it was simply superb . In last season , in last few episodes , he showed the true dedication and true character by making differences in appearances.

‪#‎AaronPaul‬ (Jesse Pinkman) - This man also impressed me with his acting skills. he got real talent in him . hope his future projects bring that out. About his character , he gave his best performance and one thing I didn't like is , he's getting emotional too soon. that's kind of odd for me to watch it repeatedly. Apart from that he's best. to say the truth means, I kind of like his acting more than Bryan cranston.

‪#‎GiancarloEsposito‬ (Gustavo Fring) : One cool villain character for show like this. Almost had his coolness up to most of the time and shown his anger face at the end. his look, his way of dressing , way of speaking, liked all of it. One calm villain i have ever seen.

‪#‎AnnaGunn‬ ( Skyler White) : Perfect house wife at sometimes and over reacting house wife some times. At one stage, kind of hated her , but at her point of view and what she was trying to do , made sense and started to like her character slowly.

‪#‎BobOdenkrik‬ (Saul Goodman) : "Better call Saul" . One of the brilliant lawyer character i have ever seen. The way speaks , the metaphor he uses to mention things were awesome , catchy and spicy. Without him most of the things in this show wouldn't be possible in moving the story line. I'm addicted to his metaphor. As WW said , "You are full of colorful metaphors, aren't you Saul ? ‪#‎DeanNorris‬ (Hank) , ‪#‎BetsyBrandt‬ (Marie) ‪#‎RJMite‬ (Walter White Jr.) ‪#‎JonathanBanks‬ (Mike) did their part well.