I am going to miss watching this series, yo!

I just finished binge watching all five seasons of Breaking Bad over the past two or so weeks. I knew from the beginning that once I reached the finale the entirety would be superb. I was right. And it just had to be because when I started this "greatest show of all time," as some describe it, I only mildly liked it.

Yet, I was intrigued and had a continual fascination with my/our obsession with anti-heroes, or in some cases, flat out villains. Why do I/we want so badly for them to get away with it? Especially when said "anti-hero/villain" is such an incredible asshole?

I am uncertain as I know I would want this person stopped in real life.

Other than the obsession I had with the lead baddie, I loved something even more about Breaking Bad: 92% pure unpredictability. Almost every single time, in 62 episodes, but *maybe* 2-3 times, I guessed wrong on how that scene or storyline would play out. It helped our asshole characters (yeah, there are definitely more than one) were incredibly human and therefore, continuously made horrible and big mistakes.

I knew this was fiction, but almost each time a huge decision had to be made or something significant had to be said, I wanted them to go this direction and when they, far too often, went the opposite way, I was dumbfounded and frustrated. But, that made this extremely well written.

These characters all became real in this fictional tale and they all did act like true human beings. If me, a non-user and my non-user drug friends were to become dealers and then worse, this is probably how it would play out. Or a lot worse. You see, these guys, or mainly the wonderful lead, Bryan Cranston's Walter White, were extremely lucky at times. Make that many times.

Like I said, I took the better part of two weeks to make it through the six years of this series. I loved a ton of the shockers, most of which were toward the second half of both season four and five. Also, I loved how dark and realistic this got towards the inevitable ending. And I will now miss the characters I grew to truly like and admire, such as: Walt, Mike, (Better Call) Saul, (only because he was cute) Badger and Gus.

No – not Jesse, yo! He was a little bitch! And for the most part, annoying as all Hades.

Take my advice and do as I had. I hadn't announced on social media and only to 1-2 select friends in person, that I was watching this. I wanted to avoid every single possible spoiler and over the years, I saw nothing but spoilers all over Facebook, Twitter, etc. Now, back when the show was on, I had never actually planned on taking on the series in my already overloaded TV watch list, so I either ignored the spoiler posts, didn't understand them or didn't care to read them to put to memory. So, I went in and stayed completely clean throughout the entire series.

And now…I am ready to share my viewing of the complete series of Breaking Bad with all my friends, watch the countless YouTube videos and open the door to the discussions and questions I need answers to.