I came upon this TV series in an unusual way, a young college friend Kyle mentioned I might like it. I am a Chemist and the main character here is also a Chemist, so we make a natural connection, of sorts. But there is where the similarity ends.

I watched seasons 1 through 4 on Netflix streaming, often 2 or 3 consecutive episodes in a day. Then I watched the last season on AMC. It is interesting to observe how the characters' morals and values changed as the key characters got further and further into the drug business. Through most of the episodes when confronted by his wife, Walter always said he did it for his family. In the final episode we find that was not the truth, he did it because of the challenge, it made him feel alive and in control of something. He realized he was good at it.

Bryan Cranston is really super-good as Walter White, high school Chemistry teacher in Albuquerque, just turning 50, married with a teenage son and just finding out another is on the way. But Walter gets bad news, he has lung cancer and probably doesn't have much longer to live. He keeps it a secret at first, but also wants to leave his family in decent financial shape. Truly an honest, upright citizen up until then, his desperation gets him to dabble into the crystal meth drug trade. He is a natural, he is a Chemist, and he figures, what's the harm?

White gets hooked up quite by accident with Aaron Paul as Jesse Pinkman, a former student of his, one of those who never paid much attention in class and didn't learn much. But Jesse is connected into the crystal meth market and White needs him as a partner. Their first foray, in Jesse's beat-up mobile home in a remote hideaway in the desert doesn't turn out real well, but the relationship is sealed. Not so much by mutual admiration, but by parasitic need.

White eventually takes on the mythical-sounding name, "Heisenberg", and his reputation spreads. An interesting name, Heisenberg was a real scientist who is credited with the "Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle", and it is fitting because of the "uncertainty" in Walter White's life.

I can't say too much about both actors, Cranston and Paul. Both of them play their roles to perfection, it would be hard to imagine better picks, and their acting is mainly responsible for my interest in seeing more episodes. As well as Anna Gunn who is Skylar, Walter's wife and of course Giancarlo Esposito who comes on as Gus the local drug lord who uses his chicken restaurant as his front.

An interesting additional character is played by Dean Norris who happens to be White's B.I.L. Hank Schrader, a DEA agent. Of course there are wives and children, but Walter, Jesse, and Hank are the focus of the entire story line.

The last episode was last night, September 29th, 2013. His cancer didn't get Walt, he took a bullet as he made sure Jesse avoided getting shot. He had taken a fantastic journey.