So far the show itself is somewhat mediocre. It does do a good job of showing the bleakness of a world run entirely by mob rule and dirty cops. The mafia aspects of the show are entertaining, but they mostly revolve around non-central characters with characters like Jim Gordon, young Bruce Wayne and scumbag Harvey dent who aren't really all that interesting. Its interesting to see a take on Harvey dent where he's more of a scumbag then a white knight, as he was portrayed at first in the dark knight, but his cynical nihilist persona has about zero chemistry with Jim Gordon's do-gooder attitude, which honestly, is just SO BORING. there's no endearing or personal qualities to Jim, he's like a cookie cutter one dimensional cop. They need to delve deeper into the character development cause he feels less like a character and more like an archetype. There was one amazing stand out performance though of the young Penguin, who's acting has been downright brilliant. He's erratic, impulsive, and gleefully sadistic, while at the same time twistedly calculative, and there's a certain enjoyment to watching an ambitious young sociopath become a criminal mastermind. In the first episode you see him fall from grace as a loyal lapdog, become marked for death and watch him slowly work his way back up the criminal food chain with a certain, oh, how shall i put this... "seriously fuçked up exuberance". I never really liked the penguin. I love this penguin. If Robin Lord Taylor keeps up this stellar performance, he should probably win a couple awards. He's what singlehandedly brings this show out of the usual CW mediocrity.

But can we talk about Jim's boo piece Barbara? Talk about a hot slice of supermodel!! I mean seriously, they're not even subtle about it, you can tell the producers were like, lets capitalize on that batman craze with a spin off, but lets make it a cop procedural for mass appeal, oh, and lets throw a Victoria's secret model love interest in there so we bag all the horny teenager demographic. She's really not doing that great a job with her acting, but who would expect her to with those legs? Just as long as there's more shots of her laying in bed in just a t shirt no one cares.