With its series return, no matter where you look, Gotham, has had a lucky dip of mixed reviews.

IMDb subscibers believe the rising TV series deserves an 8.2 out of 10, making it worth the same as the 2009 Disney classic 'Up', 1998's 'Die Hard', the 1997 tear jerker 'Good Will Hunting' and the 2013 recount of 'The Wolf of Wall Street'. In full support, Rotton Tomatoes has similarly awarded it a whopping 90% while 81% of their subscribers have said they thoroughly enjoyed watching the show.

However there are other sites which do not agree.

TV.com has dubbed certain episodes as "at the very least, it could have been a not-horrible episode" and "easily the weakest episode of Gotham so far". Badass Digest even go so far as to say it is "the worst thing to happen to Batman since Joel Schumacher". You know, the guy who directed the 1995 Batman Forever and the 1997 Batman & Robin films?? Yeah!! THAT bad!!

However despite complains like 'bad accents', 'unwanted twists to the original storyline' and 'predictable, dawdling plot' it proves to still be a smash hit as it continues the second half of season one into 2015.

Personally I was hanging out for it since trailer 1. And while the casting of Ben McKenzie had me 'umming' and 'ahhing' I still gave him a shot; and it paid off!! His boy-toy O.C. days are far behind him as he has clearly matured enough to fill the shoes of a younger Gary Oldman. 

The characters that were designed to repulse me, repulsed me. The characters I was supposed to pity, I pitied. This show was clearly built, like Game of Thrones, to manipulate emotions and it has done just that. The casting could not have been better, especially for Robin Lord Taylor as The Penguin but my only issue with the show is time.

How long does this show plan to go for considering Bruce Wayne lost his parents while he was at least 15 and he doesn't become Batman until 10 or so more years passed. Unless there is a MASSIVE time lapse somewhere in the making I can't see the hype of Gotham lasting all that long.

Either way, and like all things, only time will tell.

My rating? ? At least an 8.6 because in my opinion it beats The Big Bang Theory and Hannibal hands down!!