If SMALLVILLE was a Superman show without Superman, then the aptly named GOTHAM is the same take on the Caped Crusader; actually a prequel. It really helps that the Batman universe contains one of the best rogue's galleries in all of comics with a lifetime's worth of canon and back story to draw from. Some say Batman is the least interesting character in his own book, but I say they should go talk to Frank Miller.

For us Batman fans and avid comic book readers, the premier of GOTHAM was must see TV, and I must say it compared most favorably with the movies, especially Christopher Nolan's THE DARK KNIGHT, clearly the chief influence for the show. It does a good job of capturing the gritty look and feel of mythical Gotham City, a place where the one percent live very well, but where those down on the bottom rung of the ladder (and there seems to be a lot of them) don't fare to well, being at the constant mercy of criminals and the corrupt city government they control. Told through the eyes of honest cop, Jim Gordon (destined to be Commissioner), this Gotham City exists in a certain timeless place, it's not quite the present day, but not too long ago either.

The show does a good job of going over very familiar material, starting with the murder of Bruce Wayne's parents, something we've seen more than once before. But GOTHAM puts its own spin on it by having it witnessed by a young Selena Kyle (Camren Bicondova), already on the path that will lead her to becoming the Catwoman. A real gaggle of other future Batman villains turn up as well, including Oswald Copplepot (The Penquin) and Edward Nygma (The Riddler). Robin Lord Taylor's Oswald (with a prosthetic nose) is one of the best things about the show, playing him as a treacherous and vicious little toady who's easily rubbed the wrong way. Carmine Falcone, played by John Doman, is the top syndicate boss in Gotham-will it be revealed that he is actually Selena's father? That comic auditioning at Fish Mooney's club was definitely not The Joker, but who's to say he won't be there on the stage in some future episode. Ivy Pepper (Poison Ivy) turns up living at 4th and Grundy (as in Solomon); some have complained that they shoehorned in too many prospective villains too early, but I'm not complaining, what this GOTHAM does not lack is plot.

Ben Mackenzie, formerly of SOUTHLAND and THE OC, is all grim earnestness as Jim Gordon; some may think his acting is too stiff, but I think it plays well off the show's more colorful characters, especially Donal Louge's Harvey Bullock, Gordon's veteran and crooked partner, and Jada Pinkett Smith's wicked Fish Mooney, the head of one branch of the crime syndicate. Mackenzie seems to still be sporting the wife beaters he wore back in the OC days. The young Bruce Wayne is nicely played by David Mazouz, while the loyal butler Alfred is British actor Sean Pertwee, who seems to echo Michael Caine nicely.

While the action in well staged, some of the dialog was quite trite: two characters are introduced with "Well if it isn't..." and Gordon shouts "Stop or I'll shoot" at a fleeing suspect-that was a cliché back when ADAM-12 was on the air.

Pilots often bare little resemblance to the series that follows; we'll see in the case of GOTHAM; far as I can tell, they've gotten off to a good start.