I must admit to being quite surprised by many of the negative reviews towards Gotham, as I think it is the best pilot I have seen since Sleepy Hollow. 

Perhaps some, even though claiming to be looking forward to the series, just cannot wrap their heads around a show about Gotham that does not feature Batman. 

To me that's one of the attractions. Of all superheroes, Batman's city has always been the most interesting and included so many more larger than life characters than any other.

While in the Batman films we get to see glimpses of the way Gotham ticks, and some of the background of those characters, Gotham the series will give us a far more detailed explanation. 

The first episode introduces us to a young Jim Gordon and his partner Harvey Bullock.

Bullock of course is the grizzled veteran, entrenched in the fabric of the city, while Gordon is the ideological rookie finding out the hard way of how the city functions. 

Ben McKenzie plays the young Gordan, and unlike some reviewers here, I thought he did a great job in the pilot. I never watched the OC, and only the odd episode of Southland so had no preconceptions prior to Gotham, which is sometimes a good thing when watching a new series.

Bullock is played by Donald Logue (Law n Order SVU, Sons of Anarchy, Vikings), who also did a fine job. The relationship between the two, will obviously be an important part of the series, and they bounced off each other well. Particularly given it was only the first episode.

Of course another aspect of the show will be to show the origins of Gotham's villains. In the pilot we meet Oswald Cobblepot played wonderfully well by Robin Lloyd Taylor. I've never seen him before, but I think he will make a fantastic Penguin down the track. 

A young Selena Kyle/Catwoman is also introduced, although it is mostly in the background. On one such occasion she witnesses the murder of Thomas and Martha Wayne, which is the central theme of the first episode.

However I must admit that I agree with another reviewer that this scene could have been done better, and with a lot more impact. It is probably the weakest part of the pilot, but again unlike others, I thought the dialogue between Gordan and a young Bruce Wayne to be reasonably well done. 

Edward Enigma/Riddler also makes a quick appearance. 

While mostly keeping true to the familiar faces of Gotham, such as those mentioned above, the makers have decided to add their own villain in Fish Moroney, played by Jada Pinkett Smith. Whether Fish adds or detracts to the story, we will have to wait and see, but what is obvious already, is that she is a nasty piece of work who wants to run the city for herself. 

Perhaps what stands out the most in the pilot is Gotham itself. 

The cinematography is exceptional for a television series, and this television version of Gotham seems to be based mostly on Chris Nolan's view of the city, which is definitely not a bad thing. 

The screenplay seemed quite strong, although of course it is early days, and the cast were also very solid, especially for a pilot. 

I was thoroughly impressed with the first episode of Gotham, and while there were flaws, the overall quality of the show more than made up for them, and I look forward to the coming season. A tentative 8/10 at this early stage.

UPDATE AFTER FOUR EPISODES

When I first reviewed Gotham after the pilot, I gave it a tentative 8/10. I may have to change that to a 9, a score I very rarely give.

All the cast are growing into their roles nicely, particularly Ben McKenzie as Gordan and Robin Lloyd Taylor as Oswald Cobblepot. So too David Mazouz as Bruce Wayne. While previously I was a little critical of Gordan and Wayne's first meeting, the relationship is becoming very interesting, as we get to watch the early seeds of Batman being planted in the young Bruce's psyche.

As I also said earlier the creators have chosen to use the same view of Gotham as the Chris Nolen trilogy. Which to me being so recent in memory adds to the series as it seems almost a prequel to the three Dark Knight movies. 

The story lines are very well done so far. As much as anything this a political television show, albeit without the politics we know. As bad and corrupt as some of our elected officials may be, they are nothing compared to those of Gotham, which is essentially run by organised crime. 

While the series may centre on a young James Gordan, as the title suggests it is more so about Gotham. The layers of corruption that embed the city, and the characters that inhabit it, which of course is what eventually leads to Bruce Wayne becoming Batman.

After only four episodes, Gotham has already become one of my favourite shows, and am really looking forward to see where it goes. 8.5/10