I was very intrigued when I first heard about this show. I never really understood all the backlash and hate this show got before it even aired. The most prominent argument that kept being brought up was that a Batman show could not work without Batman. I could not disagree more. The Batman world is full of interesting and captivating elements that could make for an entertaining TV show. I tried to keep my expectations at a reasonable level, I wasn't expecting a Breaking Bad or a True Detective, but I do want the show to succeed. I'll start off with things that I felt were not good with the pilot. The episode felt crowded, and a lot things ended up being rushed, especially towards the end. I understand that this is the pilot episode and the show runners have to establish a lot, but I felt that some of the "future" Batman villains could have been introduced in later episodes. The last ten minutes featured three essential scenes that felt crammed and rushed. However, I do like the content itself, so I guess its the handling of the content thats a problem. Catwoman doesn't feel believable in this Christopher Nolan influenced Gotham, nothing against Camren Bicondova. However, I'm invested in this character and look forward to learning more about this incarnation. Donal Logue, as great as he is, feels a tad off as Harvey Bullock. His interaction with James Gordon, played by Ben McKenzie, is one of the best things of the pilot. However, his comedic lines and delivery feel out of place with the episode's dark and gritty tone. Apart from that, I don't have any others cons. I love the way Gotham looks, and that it actually feels like a character in the story more so than any other interpretation of Batman on screen. One character that I didn't think I'd like too much was Jada Pinkett Smith's Fish Mooney, and she turned out to be one of my favourite elements of the pilot. She's charismatic and has a big presence on screen. The acting was decent, with a couple of great performances from both Bob McKenzie and Robin Taylor as the Penguin. With McKenzie, it's all in the eyes. He does a great job playing a clean and honourable cop in an otherwise dirty and deceptive city. The theme of good vs evil and how good won't survive long in a corrupted city like Gotham is intriguing, which really is the key word I got from the episode: INTRIGUING. The pilot did its job by hooking me to watch further. Lets just hope this continues. Also, I loved the Joker easter egg.