Gotham was created by Bruno Heller and the series stars Ben McKenzie,Robin Lord Taylor, Sean Pertwee,David Mazouz,Jada Pinkett Smith, Camren Bicondova,Donal Logue and Cory Michael Smith.

Gotham is a prequel series to Batman. The series focuses on the young Bruce Wayne(David Mazouz),his relationship with his loyal butler Alfred Pennyworth(Sean Pertwee)and how Bruce deals with the murder of his parents and starts to become Gotham's dark knight.

We also follow honest cop, Detective Jim Gordon(Ben McKenzie)and his partner Harvey Bullock(Donal Logue)as they take on Gotham's criminals. Gordon is also tasked with investigating the murder of Thomas and Martha Wayne and becomes a trusted friend to Bruce Wayne.

We also meet characters who will go on to become some of the most memorable Batman villains. There's Penguin(Robin Lord Taylor), Selina Kyle(Camren Bicondova,who bears a striking resemblance to Michelle Pfeiffer who plays the older Selina/Catwoman in Batman Returns)and Edward Nygma(Cory Michael Smith). There's also the stylish and dangerous Fish Mooney(Jada Pinkett Smith).

This is a dark series which seems like a mix of the Burton Batman films and the Nolan Batman films.The entire cast are fantastic with special praise going to Robin Lord Taylor as Penguin, Sean Pertwee as Alfred and Camren Bicondova as Selina.

My favourite storyline in the series is Bruce and Alfred's. Pertwee's portrayal of Alfred is different from what we've previously seen, this Alfred is tough, skilled at fighting and used to be a member of the SAS. Alfred is tough on Bruce at times and it takes him some time to learn how to be a father to the boy. I love the scenes where we see how much he has come to love Bruce and how he can always tell when something is bothering the boy, he is the one who teaches Bruce to fight and learn how to be emotionally tough.

The interactions between these two are my favourite scenes in the series. David does a very good job of capturing the growing desire in Bruce to avenge his parents and he's also good at showing that he is just a boy who wants to be like other children but no longer knows how to be.

Camren Bicondova is superb as Selina, you can tell this street girl is tough and knows how to take care of herself. Alfred can see she is bad news but she and Bruce just keep getting drawn back together time and again. Selina may be bad but she has some good in her and she too is giving Bruce tips that will help him on his path to becoming Batman.

A must see for Batman fans. I think people who aren't Batman fans will still be able to enjoy this series too because of it's quirky characters and interesting stories.