To start with a short rhyme - Gotham is awesome! (first 4 eps) (may contain spoilers) Yesterday I wrote a review to the beginning of The Flash (TV) which is from the same DC universe. Short comparison - good production for both, but it seems the Gotham's audience could be a bit older because of the dark atmosphere and the seriousness of the show.

But first thing first - THE CASTing is done right and actors fill the frame perfectly.

Where The Flash draws short Gotham nails it with a sledgehammer. DRAMA and POLITICS are probably the most prime and obvious aspects of this show. We all probably watched Batman film series and if you remember Arkham city is always in distress filled with crime and corruption to the brim. Time to clean up I'd say. While Batman goes for the major players and occasional beat down in small streets while getting the milk, Mr Gordon has his hands full to set things right in the city by cleaning streets of small fries. Of course there are big bosses who are actually more of a long shot.

What I am more thankful then ever is the dark mood I only remember from Watchmen (2009). Danger is around every corner, the uncertainty is written in the faces of every men, woman and child we see accept those who decided to avenge those who can't do it for themselves.

The in reality grounded undertone lets you forget that it's based on comic books. There are MOTW and there are long term goals that all seem to be your usual small and big potatoes. The reason the happenings seem to be interesting nevertheless is the possibility of more. We know it is supposed to be a prequel to Batman film series which is fought with fist and sweat with a touch of the unreal and that is the reason we could expect more from the show than from the films. Because now we have the time to explore and invite more characters and get to know more about anyone and everything before Batman.

In this sense I wish the show a good and long run.

Edit: 

4-15eps (splitting hair or investigating) (spoilers!)

"Professional" assassins in high heels are always funny, aren't they? I noticed how characters do not break their form, what makes them appear a bit stale. E.g. Bruce and his butler boxing in an office shirt or Kate having glorious hair despite the fact she's homeless (ep9) or in general everyone staying in character regarding their clothes and appearances. Part of the show, I know, but still. This way It has more relation to pictures of a comic book, I guess. Exception to that is the _girl_ who works as a mole for Fish Mooney to spy on Falcone whose appearance as well as character undergoes subtle changes. In this regard Gordon assigned to another job hence changing his colors (not really) seemed like a good change of pace.

The first long term arc (I kinda hoped for the second one) ended around eps 6/7. Revelation was a puzzle case in itself and the perpetrator was as always the white rabbit in the hat. Since then series does not have the same feeling of definite direction. But a breather for more on character background is perfectly fine. What I hoped was to know more about the city. I'm looking forward to a creation of city map on the net. (I haven't searched for it yet). What the show actually does is creating a wide spread of potential and well known characters network from the comic books and animated series. The introduction and character development should make it possible to take the narrative to the next level with all major peaces placed on the board. Then we would be closer to the narrative style of the animated series what could become redundant and overlapping. Animated format is more appropriate for stunts and special effects though. How far is it possible for TV series to hold water in this regard remains to be seen (for me anyway). I would argue, as I did above that the strong suit of the show lies in drama and intrigues. But the show have already displayed its ability and it didn't seem lacking or cheap. The budget would also depend on the fame of the show which seems to be good at the moment.