I can see why the fan base of this show mostly comprises of young adults teens and early 20's. Sherlock is a big baby who considers all others beneath them since ONLY HE CAN DEDUCE CR@P! WELL! What can he deduce exactly you ask? What ANY OTHER NORMAL PERSON CAN.

Really? In the first ep he 'deduced' that a woman that was laying dead was from a certain place since her coat was wet....well is that not what the police do? INVESTIGATE! Wow, how insulting to all people. I get it young people get parking tickets, are told to break up their senseless 'party' (getting drunk and making out) at 4 am in a residential neighborhood. And boom they are seen as the enemy. Wow, you see cop cars doing patrols, yeah they are keeping idiots like you SAFE. And you have the NERVE to hate them, wow. Remember that the next time you dial 911 (or however you call the police in your country).

THIS SHOW is a perfect amalgamation of EVERYTHING that is WRONG with with the world. In a word EGO. "I'm right and everyone else is wrong!" Sounds like a statement from a stubborn child yes? Yet this statement is said to come from a 'genious' grown man. What?

During the first episode I solved the crime long before this so called 'genius' did. He said something like 'who passes unseen?'. I already had a plethora of answers. Yet this supposed 'GENIUS' had a mental block. Had a hard time figuring it out? Really? I said well taxi drivers, the homeless, residents of apt complexes, valets, janitors, teachers, I mean just about anyone that could move about unquestioned. A CEO of a company, a celebrity, etc... But from the way that the VICTIMS were OUTSIDE it was not hard to figure out, oh I mean 'deduce' *rolls eyes* that it was either taxi drivers or the homeless.

Some of the eps are so silly that even the writer could not solve it! Some of the eps just go unexplained. What? That's called stupidity. Wow I feel so sorry for the generation of today. THIS is what they worship? Oh, also there is a fair bit of sexism in here. Molly, the girl so obviously desperately in love with Sherlock is used as a prop. He insults her and not only that manipulates ALL women. He proposed to a women in the show to get her to open some door for him. Some very SICK messages about women in here. That all women are emotional and so on...wow. Strange that this show has a strong female fanbase, being brainwashed to be OK with abuse. Very sick. They say it's OK if he abuses me 'he's cute'. He is an abusive man, those are horridly ugly. To be shallow, he is not even handsome...not sure what the attracting is there, other than being brainwashed to believe he is handsome. His face looks like a foot....

Furthermore the character of Watson the doctor makes no sense. He still trusts a man that FAKED HIS OWN DEATH? Wtf? You are a DOCTOR! Again, the media just LOVES to insult science since they rely on anti-logic. ANYONE after all the abuse Sherlock has spewed would have just assumed that everything he says is a lie. He has lied to everyone. Why even take him seriously anymore? I mean really?