Created by Donald P. Bellisario - which served in the United States Marine Corps and was awarded the Marine Corps Good Conduct Medal, and Don McGill, a well known writer and producer, directed by a strong team of directors such as: Dennis Smith, Thomas J. Wright, Terrence O'Hara, (etc) and produced by Belisarius Productions in association with Paramount Network Television, CBS Paramount Network Television, CBS Television Studios and Thinkfilm (for Washington DC scenes), the TV show is about the operations of an elite team of special agents working a series of cases of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service's Washington DC.

Watching the NCIS series since the beginning, I find that the cast is very carefully selected to its very best, with believable characters and wonderful plots, one of the best shows on television, so is understandable why it has been on the air for so long. Kate and Ziva's characters were both very exciting and kept the chemistry going between Tony DiNozzo (Michael Weatherly) and them, and brought a little spice to the show.

With a bit of an attitude and working under Gibbs, the "Very" Special Agent Anthony - Tony - DiNozzo (brilliantly played by Michael Weatherly), a former homicide detective who has his instincts that can only be achieved by working on the streets.

Special Agent Caitlin - Kate - Todd (Sasha Alexander), a former United States Secret Service agent on Air-Force One, hired by Gibbs and NCIS on her "departure" from Air-Force One and later was murdered in the line of duty by Ari Haswari (Rudolf Martin), a Mossad officer, half-brother of the liaison officer with NCIS, Ziva David.

Field agent Ziva David (the brilliant play of glamorous Cote de Pablo), took Kate's place in the NCIS team, a former Mossad officer who is a skilled fighter, helpful past experience as a spy, a multilingual asset of the team (speaks at least 9 different languages), the daughter of the Assistant Director of Mossad, later promoted to the Director of Mossad.

The NCIS team gets a new director, Jenny Shepard (play by Lauren Holly). After Holly's departure at the end of Season 5, the NCIS gets a new director, role taken over by Leon Vance (played with excellence by Rocky Carroll).

Field agent Timothy McGee (Sean Murray), the son of an Admiral in the U. S. Navy, is a computer-geek agent starting as the junior field agent of the team (Probie) and working his way up to a Special Field Agent position.

Being all assisted by the great and funny scientist Abby Sciuto (great performance of Pauley Perrette all the way), the only member of the team that Gibbs actually shows affection for, and sweet Dr. Donald Mallard (David McCallum), nicknamed Ducky, an old fashioned, eccentric Scottish medical examiner and all coordinated by the team leader, special agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon), a former Marine, becoming a tough investigator and a highly skilled interrogator, smart, tough and willing to bend the rules to get the job done, mentored by his predecessor, Mike Franks (played by Muse Watson).

Because in the UK the series are far behind (we are waiting for season 10 to start in February), I can't imagine the show without Ziva, but I believe it's not NCIS without her, and I think that is the reason why ratings have dropped.

I LOVE this show!... Will get back with more comments for the newest seasons.