I know nothing about police work, and, even less about NCIS and the Feds, but, I like this show as it's about the US Navy which I was once a part of. It's entertaining!

This show is 'very representative' of the US Navy; much of the experiences I had in the US Navy; and, of the one time my friends and I had an encounter with an NIS (now called NCIS) Agent on board the USS Independence (CV-62) in 1987...WHOA!

We were taking pictures like any 'boot-camps' on their first cruise at sea, and, suddenly, a helicopter came in close to us near the fantail as we still took pictures. I remember saying to my friends, "Check this out, the helicopter is coming in close...this will make for great pictures!" The helicopter was coming in closely because they thought that we might be taking pictures of the ordnance next to us; so, they radioed the ship, who sent the MAA out as NIS wished to speak with us.

NIS was cool! They weren't bullies like civilian cops...they were very professional! They questioned us, and, that was that! No one was threatened or intimidated; and, they didn't take our cameras.

So...this is why I believe this TV show to be realistic...they weren't creeps to my friends and I.

I also like the actors (I miss Sasha Alexander - Cate)! Now...I miss Cote de Pablo (Ziva)...but, I really like Emily Wickersham (Bishop), too.

This is a great show...I love how they show and mention places I was, in Virginia and in D.C.

Mark Harmon (Gibbs) is 'believable' as an NCIS agent - cool, calm, and, collected...always focused - he's great; and, he's a great and respected leader and very honorable. Even 'his' bosses respect him.

Michael Weatherly (DiNozzo) is also great...very clever, and, very funny and tactless...I like that!

Abby is an eccentric genius; McGee is a computer wizard; Cate is a total brainiac hottie; Ziva is a 'kick-ass' hottie; Ducky is a medical genius, on top of being a worldly genius (I LOVE his stories!); and, the rest of the cast is...great!!

I really love this show...and, especially how the characters interact!

Also...be very careful if you're eating or drinking while watching this show, as I once laughed soda through my nose when Gibbs slapped DiNozzo on the back of his head...and, this can occur without warning. :D