I don't think killing Ari could be a defining moment for Ziva; rather, it's a defining moment for Gibbs to trust Ziva. As Vance said and Ziva later admitted, her killing Ari is following her father's order to clean up Mossad's mess.

The first defining moment should be the 3rd season's finale. After a year following and learning from Gibbs, Ziva and Gibbs gradually formed a apprentice-mentor relationship. When Gibbs was bombed, she was forced to face the question that how much she cared about this mentor. When no one could jog his memory back until she tried, their apprentice-mentor relationship was established; even though, Gibbs left immediate after this event. 

Four months later, another incident, which happened in the first episode of season 4, further enhanced Ziva's relationship not only with Gibbs but the rest of the team. After she worked four months under Tony's commend, Mossad created an incident causing her become a suspect. Tony and the team went all out to clear Ziva; they even dragged Gibbs out of his retirement in order to help her. This incident is the first time Ziva realized that Mossad didn't regard her as a member and kept secrets from her; also, from this incident, she felt her team in NCIS is more trustworthy than Mossad.

Then the following three seasons, Ziva's gradually forging relationship with Tony and McGee as partners, and Gibbs as her mentor. They together as a team went through the Jenny Shepard's fight with Rene Benoit. After the fight, she helped Tony went through his breakup with Jeanne. Then they went through Jenny's death, Leon's mole haunting. During those three years, she's also growing more and more apart with Mossad. At the end of season six, even her father doubted her loyalty to Mossad.

The third defining moment is at the end of season six, when she found out her boyfriend was just a ruse that her father played to gain more operation space inside American soil. After Tony's killing her boyfriend and her father's betrayal, she didn't know what to believe, who to depend on. Feeling responsible for her boyfriend's death, she decided to fill in her boyfriend job in Mossad to hunt down the terrorist organization. But the mission didn't go well, and she was captured.

The fourth defining moment is she found out Gibbs led the rest of the team to rescue her. After Abby and McGee went great length to find the hideout of the terrorists, Tony and McGee deliberately had themselves captured and tortured by the terrorists in order to determine Abby's finding and persuade their director to send the U.S. military after the terrorists. On the one hand, her father left her in the desert to die. On the other hand, her teammate risking their lives went all out to rescue her. Facing these two different actions--albeit she might know her teammates have the American Military all over the world back them up and her father doesn't have such resources, she finally considered her teammates as her family, not just partners.

After she was rescued back to D.C., she confided in Gibbs, and they cleared all left doubts between each other. At that time, in her mind, Gibbs is more father to her than her own father; Tony, McGee and Abby are more like siblings to her than co-workers. So she decided to become naturalized American citizen and make home there, which is different from the comment she made on her living place before they went to Israel: "That's just an apartment, not my home". 

The fifth defining moment is when Gibbs whispered "Listen to me. You're home." to her ear after they cleared her from her father's ruse to stop her from becoming a NCIS agent. After the event, she totally lost her faith in her father, and was officially recognized by Gibbs as his daughter.