N.C.I.S (Naval Criminal Investigative Service) is a crime procedural set in Washington D.C. that follows a team of special agents who solve crimes involving naval officers and marines. The show was created by Donald P. Bellisario, who also produced JAG and Magnum P.I., as a spin off of JAG in 2003. It airs Tuesday nights at 8pm. The show creates great stories through a very likable, yet diverse cast in character driven plots with a perfect mix of drama and comedy. 

The show centers on the NCIS Major Case Response Team of Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs (Mark Harmon), Special Agent Anthony DiNozzo (Michael Weatherly), Special Agent Tim McGee (Sean Murray), Caitlin Todd (Sasha Alexander), Ziva David (Cote De Pablo), Dr. Donald "Ducky" Mallard (David McCallum), and Abby Sciuto (Pauley Perrette). 

Leroy Jethro Gibbs is an ex-marine sniper who is the leader of the team. He is very dedicated to his job and also very good at what he does. He lives by a set of rules that are often quoted in episodes such as rule #7 "Always be specific when you lie." He does have many character flaws, however, such as his obsession over certain terrorists or his three ex- wives. Gibbs consumes large amounts of coffee and in his spare time he builds a boat. 

Anthony DiNozzo is an ex-Baltimore homicide detective and the team's senior special agent behind Gibbs. Despite his flaws of being a relatively unsuccessful womanizer, he gets the job done in the end. DiNozzo loves movies and can relate almost any case to a movie he has seen.

Tim McGee is a computer specialist who graduated from MIT. He was a recurring character during the shows first season but became a full time agent at the beginning of the second season. McGee is very good with computers but is socially awkward at times. 

Caitlin Todd is an ex-secret service agent who joined the team at the end of the first episode in the first season. She is a very good profiler and disgusted by DiNozzo's womanizing behavior which is used for humor. Agent Todd is only on the show for the first two seasons.

Ziva David is a Mossad Liason Officer and she becomes a full time agent in the seventh season. She comes in at the beginning of the third season to stop Gibbs from killing her half-brother Ari Haswari who killed Caitlin Todd but ends up being the one to kill Ari. 

Ducky is the NCIS Medical Examiner. He has traveled the world doing autopsies and has seen just about everything. In almost every situation he has a story but usually gets cut off by Gibbs or whoever is asking him what he found.

Abby Sciuto is the forensic specialist. She is goth, listens to heavy metal, sleeps in a coffin, and practically mainlines caffeine. 

One main thing that makes the show great is the actors and how convincing they are in their respective roles. For example, David McCallum, who plays Ducky, has studied anatomy since taking the role and actually knows what he is talking about, unlike most actors. Pauley Perrette (Abby) has been interested in forensics her whole life and studied criminology at Valdosta State. 

In comparison to similar crime drama shows such as the CSI franchise, NCIS knocks it out of the park. The characters in NCIS are more relatable to real life than those in CSI mainly because they have many the same flaws and characteristics as common Americans. Also, NCIS has more comedy than most crime drama's with the possible exception of Human Target, which was canceled after two seasons anyway. 

NCIS just finished its eighth season and became the highest rated scripted show on television in its seventh season, which is very unusual for a show to do that, showing that the best is still to come. It ranked fifth in all shows (including sports and reality shows) the last three years, and the ratings prove that it's not just me who loves the show but a majority of the people who watch TV on a Tuesday night. It is a phenomenal show and I would recommend it to anyone regardless of preference to comedy or drama because it has such a great mix of both.