I realize that this show has been the subject of some bad reviews due to unrealistic characters. To be honest, the characters are all a bit exaggerated, but that's the fun of it. Many people turn away from the show because they think the characters are unrealistic or because they're too much, but what I absolutely love is that they have created these unique, funny, sorta unbelievable group of people and given each one a backstory and vulnerabilities. Even more important, we also see plenty of character development as the seasons progress and we occasionally get the treat of learning about someone's backstory. The trick to enjoying this show is to watch plenty of episodes so you can really start loving the characters. Gibbs is a man of few words. He's arrogant, stubborn, and stern, but you can tell he cares. He would give his life for anyone on the team and do all he can to solve each and every case. We later learn that he has a very troubling backstory that led him to become an agent. We also have Dinozzo. He's a total goofball, and an immature playboy. But he's actually very complex, and as the seasons progress, you see him take less and less pleasure in meaningless one-night stands and other affairs. You can even see it in his expression when other's aren't looking. We see most of these vulnerable moments when he's with agent David, who he has clear chemistry with. Agent Ziva David is a beautiful, deadly Mossad officer who has been with the team for most of the show. From her first appearance, she has been a joy to watch on-screen she never fails to make other slightly uneasy. She's the best fighter the team has, and one of the bolder characters. She's also my favorite because of how astonishingly she has evolved since her first season. Different events have changed her and she's closer to the team than ever, she's a grown a bit soft, but is much more mature and "Americanized." Next we have the adorable McGee who is the innocent "probie." He's a capable, smart agent, yet he is often the source of many teases because he's a bit awkward and shy. However, watching him stand up for himself or win out in an argument is always very satisfying. We also have Abby, the goth forensic scientist. She's not realistic. She's a bit much. However, she can only provide laughs and love from the audience. She's incredibly smart and independent, not to mention sensitive. But, she's the best of the best, and also hilarious. Lastly, we have Ducky and Palmer. The pair are quite different, Ducky being old, mature, and caring. Meanwhile, Palmer is his young assistant who often, accidentally, puts himself in awkward situations with some cheesy puns or badly timed jokes or comments, although he always means well. Overall, it's a delight to watch the cast interact with each other. There's a reason why this is the number one show in America. And the love the team subtly exhibits toward each other is great to watch. Not to mention it also has a few pairings that fans will be more than happy to ship. It is quite obvious that Mcgee and Abby like each other. And Tony and Ziva have the most beautiful, complex relationship I have ever seen on TV and they could easily run the show by themselves. The only regrets you might have from watching this, is being unable to stop.