This is my favorite show, along with Penny Dreadful and Game of Thrones. I am stunned that this isn't a 9 rating. I am a bit Irish, so maybe I am partial. This has a great Irish spirit to it. Smart script, the acting is excellent here folks. Sam Neil, have to hand it to him. I think this is the best I've seen him. He gives the performance of his life, as a cranky Copper, hunting down the Fenian gangs at the end of WW1, in England. We have characters that are more than interesting and what I love , is they are the good bad guys, as you know , us Irish seem to relate too. Give it a watch. It's delicious. I love the spirit of this family. A few scenes even reminded me of my own. Beautiful virtues in the gutter. What's not to love here? I guess if I had any complaints, it would be the Agent/ Barmaid Grace. She's a bit too big for her britches here. She is supposed to be captivating enough to stop men from fighting and she just isn't. Isn't at all. In fact, I find her annoying at best and was really hoping that Kimber took her down a Notch. Who likes a dirty rat, anyways? The soundtrack, while trying to be different, and "cool" , really just is jarring with this time period and intellectual drama. Who REALLY likes Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds anyways? Their one good song doesn't make any kind of sense at their cult following. I think they are one of those " like this and be cool and different" things , but they just make sh***y music. Sorry. I am reading a lot of bad reviews on the accents, but these accents are actually really authentic. The accents at the time, weren't what they are today. I also appreciated how they alluded to the birth of the Irish Gypsy. The Irish Gypsies are alive and well to this day. All over the Uk and some families migrated to America, and continue on to this day. In this series we have the Irish gang and the Gypsies join through a marriage to stop a war between the families and to meet mutual needs. The Irish Gypsies are still to this day, living above , or below the law.. And they are very loyal and keep to themselves. So there is a lot to appreciate here. Being a history buff, you will enjoy the authenticity of this part of England during this chaotic time. When immigrants flooded the streets and revolution was a very real threat to the crown.