Brilliant series portraying an exaggerated (but who the hell really cares) story set in an absurdly underused location and a period of time that is usually over looked (interwar period). When set up against the Period romantic dramas (Poldark) and faux page 3/Daily Mail portrayals of history (See, The Borgias, Tudors etc) it stands out in a very distinct manner. It contains romance, action, mystery, inter family politics and history in an almost perfect ratio and doesn't seem to have to stretch to "tick" these off. I found myself regularly searching things up on-line in a smug desire to look down on the show with a smart arse (Well that didn't exist) only to be, 9 times out of 10, sent packing with tail between my legs to the shows wiki page. Centring on a culture and accent that is still distinct and visible nowadays it's premise alone deserve applause. The performance of Thomas Shelby is quite literally a pleasure to watch. Cillian seems to saunter through the role with ease as the many layers of his character are regularly exploited and played with by the story. Fair enough, the accents aren't perfect but when you hear interviews with cast members, it is still a very impressive effort all round and with the perceived hegemony of the London accent over the British isles I think that shows like this are extremely important. I am literally waiting for a similarly imaginative but different show set in Sheffield or Bristol to come around. At a time when some people desire to destroy diversity and claim to want to return to a time period like when this is set I was also very impressed with the portrayal of the multiculturalism that was in fact as I researched very much rooted in fact. I am extremely intrigued to see where the writers take the Peaky blinders and on a more curious level to see if this has gotten traction in the US as I think it would be good to remind our cousins that our nation isn't just royals and cockneys in Grey old London Town. Putting the Sycophant/ fan boy part of me aside, If you can't tell, I am just really enjoying this series and I would advise you to take some time off Daredevil or Poldark or whatever and give this a try. More of this please.