You find a "television" series once in a blue moon which blows your mind, and Peaky Blinders has accomplished that in my mind. As of this writing, I'm on S03/E06, which I think is the most well-written and explosive episodes of the series. It's also one of the most amazing series that I have seen. These seem more like mini-features, with almost a full hour of drama. By the time I started season three, I started saying aloud how I love Peaky Blinders and its characters. They thrive on a combination of excellent storytelling and photography. "Breaking Bad" is the only other series that I know which have become the platinum standard of any series that I know exist. I venture to believe that Blinders beats out Game of Thrones as well. The main reason why Thrones and Bad don't live up to what I've experienced with Blinders? The sheer boldness of how the show compels you to understand and even empathize with people who make a living out of doing just about everything illegal that they could ever muster, in a place where just about everyone seems to be about some kind of illegal activity. The complexities of the characters demand that everyone must sell who they are and I cannot for the life of me, find any character who is a "weak link" to the series. 

Game of Thrones is a terrific series as was Breaking Bad. Yet GoT has a number of slow moments. Breaking Bad, while rather straightforward regarding the plot, was just somewhat unbelievable when viewed through the lens of real-life probability. Blinders is deeper and more raw, without looking to any sense of patronizing emotions to give a sense of redemption. Blinders takes off the blinders by asking which holds more value, between family, friends, relationships and business transactions. Or, whether money is really what can repay the emotional anguish of those casualties called "relationships." Blinders has been throwing some really interesting plot twists and I've finally been blown away at where this series is heading. 

I remember the first season where a young Winston Churchill was introduced, and I feel that was probably the slowest part of the series - even GoT suffered from the need to explain who/what was happening, while Breaking Bad simply jumped right into a whirlwind of trouble thrown the way of Mr. White. Stick with this however. These characters have truly embraced their roles and the photography and writing seem to actually have gotten even better. I'm not one to ever have been interested in an emotional investment of series characters but this so far has been my finest emotional investment. The violence sometimes is quite intense. So much so, that my wife stopped watching by the second season. Considering the date in which Blinders is told, I expect that the violence might be rather extreme. 

Perhaps I'm being unfair in even speaking about GoT and Breaking Bad, two other exemplary shows which made me loyal to their broadcasts. But Blinders keeps raising the production bar like the other two haven't quite done.