Creator and writer Steven Knight just hit it. Scary how much I like this series and perhaps why I like it. I won't over analyze that part for you. But for a series about a working class gangster family on the rise in 1919 England, it sure feels a lot like right now, at least for me.

War hero comes back home with PTSD. Kind of like now. Bright and ambitious Thomas Shelby comes back to the post war scrappy, blue collar, inner city Birmingham of little opportunity, so it's not hard for him to make illegal decisions on behalf of himself and his family, especially if those decisions feel...just ethical enough. Kind of what a lot of people in that similar situation might do right now.

A strong overlying theme is his family clan against the big world. There's always a fueled, chippy current running through his vision of his world; the little gangster clan trying to expand against not only the bullying corporate gangster world but a police department run by a high powered self righteous Inspector. It's easier to rationalize your scummy deeds when you're surrounded by bigger scum. So the Shelby clan is going to come after you with both their strategy and physical force. If it has to be face to face right on the street so be it; their well creased caps attached with razor blades become hand held weapons, ready to cut you up in the face and eyes, hence the title, Peaky Blinders.

For me, watching this series, opens up the question I would like to put out there for everyone, "Do you feel like you're watching more television than you ever have been in your life?" I am. I haven't watched anything on network television, but I'm all over the cable networks and the on-line streaming on my television set, The Honourable Woman, Top of the Lake, Endeavour, etc. The acting talent, the production values, the ability to create a period environment, a moment in time, where even mundane stories have more involved talent than ever before, feels so much more satisfying than ever before. I feel qualified to mention this because years ago, during all my four years of college, I didn't even have a television, and I can't say I missed it, not even during the summers. It was all about going out to movies, listening to radio, and listening to vinyl. Now I look forward to the creativity on the screen at home, trying to watch a little something every night. But Peaky Blinders has been my recent favorite, where every slight just fuels me...I mean him, Thomas Shelby. daydreaminand.blogspot.com