My review is not so much a review of the show itself, but the popularity of adapting feature films to TV series. I take some caution getting involved with TV series that stem from movies for one several reasons, but the main one is: If they will able to sustain an already established story line by stretching it out over hours upon hours, and to that end, season-to-season. I cant help but feel that some series approached their writing at the onset to reflect a short run, so when we get to the end of the 1st season ( or sometimes, only half way into a season) the writers have to deviate from the original intent to find new ways to lengthen the story, sustain interest, and remain credible within the confines of the original story-line. Conversely, some assume the series will enjoy more success than it ultimately will have yet gets prematurely yanked. In those instances ( and staying within the confines of the circumstance at hand) this usually arises from too much needless minutia being addresses that may have not been possible in a standard feature film,ergo, less drama and dynamics which leads to a bored or apathetic audience. In either scenario, special consideration and interest must be made to the production costs as the very nature of some of these shows reach epic ( or near epic) proportions, so the determination of how the long or short term goals of the story-line become that much more salient. Fargo, seems to have already struck a working balance. There are already some slight differences from the movie that seem to set-up such a protracted treatment. One of the main things I'm concerned about is the frequency of crimes and murders that would or could happen in such small town over a short period of time. I call this the Gilligan Island syndrome. For such a deserted island, that didn't appear on any maps, the island certainly had its fair share of visitors: a crook, pilot, band, jungle boy, mad scientists, head hunters, just to name a few. But G.I. was a stupid sitcom not based on reality, yet Fargo producers maintain their story is real in both movie and TV series. Time will tell. The cast is very strong, but this is Thornton's vehicle all the way and he's already established a dry-deadpan, matter-of-fact unflappable character that can say as much with silence as he does with an economy of words. A lot of the quirky Coen-isms still exists as does SOME of the accents. The show is as funny as it is visceral, a real pleasure to view with a story-line that is accessible without being infantile. The directing, music and other production techniques are reminiscent of the movie, especially the music. Filming snow in a way for it to be a phantom character can be challenging, the movie's cinematographer and photographers were excellent in this regard, as is the approach for the series. I highly recommend this show to anyone who saw the original and has a disposition to this type of story-telling. I imagine this will do very well at the awards next year.