"There are no saints in the animal kingdom. Only breakfast and dinner" -Lorne Malvo 

I'm going to be completely honest. I only turned on the TV to watch 1x01 "The Crocodile's dilemma" because of Martin Freeman. He is my favourite actor right now, I knew he was gonna rock whatever part he played, and I was so excited to hear his American (Minnesotan) accent. While I am proud to announce that he didn't disappoint, he is not the only great thing this show has to offer by a LOOOOOOONG shot. Spoiler-free, the only thing I can say is that whoever checks into this show, from the first episode to the last, you are in for one HECK of a ride. A solid and well-thought out script. Realistically scary performances, especially when it came to Billy Bob Thornton as Lorne Malvo, a malevolent intimidating man who is both the God and the Devil in the figurative sense. Freeman as Lester Nygaard is one of life's victims, but slowly and surely he soon starts to figure out that there's another way to live life that doesn't include following the rules. Allison Tolman as the determined and kind Molly Solverston, the true heart of the show, and our real hero. In a story with so many shades of grey, it's nice to have a character that you can actually pinpoint and say "Yup, Good Guy (girl)." The show is mature in every sense of the word, but isn't afraid to let loose and show off it's comedic, childish or inappropriate side at times. I found the two sex scenes in the entire show to be a little bit much, but that's just me. Symbolism and Metaphors are everywhere, some that I'm still scratching my head about. This isn't just a show that you watch and forget about the next day, I don't think I'm going to forget this show for the rest of my LIFE. All I wanna do is watch the whole thing all over again, and I know that I'll have just as much fun going on the roller coaster as I did the first time! "Because some roads you shouldn't go down. Because maps used to say "There be dragons here." Now they don't. But that don't mean the dragons aren't there" -Lorne Malvo.