Firstly, I don't understand the big issue with people being disappointed because they think this is a rip-off of other movies/series. Honestly, I love American Psycho, found Dexter entertaining and I liked Fight Club enough (not to the point of idiotic worshiping it is submitted to, but OK), along with other sources which Mr. Robot could have taken from, and that doesn't make me hate. Besides, while I was watching, not even once I had the feeling of witnessing something already made. Of course, there're people ready to jump at anything. I'm sure I could find similitudes between ANY series and previous movies/series, if that's what I wanted, but it'd be ridiculous to point out those and start shouting "rip-off!!" For Pete's sake, they even compare this to The Matrix... really, now... It's like you throw in a computer and a corrupt power and we have a Wachowski rip-off, right? I guess the real world must be The Matrix indeed... No mention of the cyberpunk material The Matrix "rippef-off", for example. But, hey, give the masses a big title and that's all they can focus on, everything else, no matter how far apart, is a rip-off. Even if I took it the same way those haters do and saw Mr. Robot as a rip-off, I still see a lot of potential and brilliance on its own. But, of course, that's hard to put in the mind of fanatics and maniacs... Hey! Why don't we include Anonymous, Sega, Dell, Isaac Asimov and Czech etymology in the "rip-off of" department, as well? Disgusted by this series??? C'mon, get a grip.

Moving along, after gaining the enmity of a few thousands...

Even though the series is filled with little, flashy mistakes that not even a non-techie, security aware person would commit (Elliot's laptop system, used for hacking, is named Elliot? Accessing root with real names/surnames, really???), and other flawed content, like why the heck revolutionaries of any type would support big corporations by buying and smoking cigarettes, this series is, by far, the best approach I've seen to the real deal. It is dark, without the idiotic "man-look-how-cool-i-am" characters found everywhere nowadays. It is bold in its approach to reality, by even naming real people as "evil" (I LOVED the iphone comment in the first episode). The use of symbols, names and organizations close to reality makes a smile come to my face. I personally believe that Christian Slater's character is bad written, or maybe it is a bad choice for an actor, or both, I don't know. Rami Malek, I find him refreshing, bringing moments which connected with my own life in many ways. It is a bit bad to see less screen time with him in it as we reach the end of season 1, although it is true that the rest of the cast do a good job, generally. The drugs issue is, perhaps, an unnecessary extra which takes away part of the relevance of hacking itself. That said, it makes the series interesting, nevertheless, and I think it should be up there with other mature series like Breaking Bad. Oh, and nice to have a bit of an independent vibe in this multimillion dollar industry. Pity about the censorship. Fortunately, after some searching, it is possible to find uncensored versions floating around. Oh, and by the way, the correct name for Tool's album is AENIMA ;)