The premise of this show, actually based upon reality but ignored by both the press and most Americans, is actually quite amazing. Anyone that does any research (which I have done - in spades) recognizes that the concept of Americans personal economic well-being, and the reality, don't match. 

In all first world countries but the U.S., for example, while the universities are ostensibly private, if you are smart enough to get in, they will fund you. Not here. The large specters of student debt and a rampant Wall Street criminal cabal that goes unchecked time after time for illegal financial shenanigans have taken their toll. You can check it out more by comparing GNP (which measures CORPORATE well-being) and other measures of financial well-being such as the United Nations HDI or Human Development Index, which measures PER CAPITA income (individual income). Normalized for INCOME INEQUALITY ADJUSTMENTS - what this show is about, how the top 10% controls 80% of the wealth of the rest of us -- the average United States citizen's HDI index goes from .914 (we rank about 5 world wide) to .755 (we rank around 29 world wide). In reality, the typical American citizen experiences personal economic well-being at about the level of the Czech Republic.

If you do a web search for "inequality adjusted human development index" you will find the latest report.

So I at least celebrate the increasing awareness of the depth and breadth of our financial inequality as compared to the rest of the first world countries in the globe. 

As a caveat, ironically, there is a lot of research that shows that the lower the HDI (the lower access to higher education, shorter life expectancy, etc.), over time that impacts GNP or corporate wealth. So by pressing the average citizen financially so much that our smart and deserving but poor children can't afford to go to college, we are ensuring lower corporate (GNP) income over time for the United States. Corporations need educated workers. Over time, the best paying jobs, which require higher education, are going overseas because our citizens are too poor to go to college. Indeed one of the latest workforce trends is a high rate of un- filled so-called "knowledge worker" jobs concurrent with high unemployment.

We are fast becoming, I guess, the version of "Back to the Future" where Biff won.

I'm not sure I'm in favor of a complete economic meltdown, personally, as advocated by the show's main character, but we can't escape the fact that this kind of show IS -sadly - rooted in absolute economic reality.