I love the premise for this show. The main character Elliot almost even seems to speak for me at times. Also, I am a fan of Christian Slater's work from the 1980s and early 1990s. So this show has a large potential for me. However, although I think Mr. Robot is basically well accomplished, its average review rating on IMDb makes me compare it to other shows with IMDb average review ratings near to it. And unfortunately, so far, I don't think Mr. Robot builds suspense quite as well as shows like Breaking Bad or True Detective have, nor is the over all performance of Mr. Robot's acting as high, and its scripts are not quite as strong.

Mr. Robot is indeed a good show, but maybe its being done a slight disservice by some overzealous viewers. I think amateur reviewers have a tendency to overrate when they particularly enjoy the theme behind a particular movie or television show. Additionally, I think sometimes even professional reviewers will take a populist view and rate movies and television shows just based on whether they think most people will enjoy such rather than rate such according to what they feel are the actual technical and artistic merits of the piece in question. That all seems to be the case with Mr. Robot. So instead of being able to just write about how I enjoy Mr. Robot and to what extent here, I'm almost forced to say that although Mr. Robot is good, it is slightly overrated, and that is unfortunate.

Of course, all is not said and done with Mr. Robot. This show is only six episodes into its first season. I predict that it could, ultimately, deserve a rating in the neighborhood of 9/10, and by "neighborhood," I mean a very strong 8/10, say an 8.8 or an 8.9. However, at the moment, I have it at about an 8.3 or 8.4 of ten, so I'm rounding to the nearest whole number in my rating and giving it eight stars. Every TV show that I've tried which was rated by other viewers at below 8.2/10 has eventually felt like a waste of time to me. So, my actual rating of 8.35/10 stands for a a bit above average or pretty good.