Mr. Robot is a new series airing Wednesday nights on USA. Created by Sam Esmail, the new drama series stars Rami Malek as Elliot Alderson an anti-social technological genius. In this provocative and captivating story, Elliot (Malek) dreams of saving the world by exacting his own brand of justice. We get a glimpse into the mind of Elliot (Malek) through his narrative in which he shares his disgust with society as a whole and the belief that there is a conspiracy amongst the most powerful, "the ones who play God without permission." His idea of how to save the world comes to fruition when he uses his hacking abilities and his job as a Computer Security Engineer enabling him to level the playing field. Grabbing the attention of a mysterious vigilante group led by Mr. Robot (Cristian Slater), Elliot is presented with an intriguing opportunity he finds appealing yet, stands in direct conflict with the standards he has devised for himself. The decision Elliot makes is one that could result in a drastic turn of events.

I found Mr. Robot to be a fascinating and riveting story that held my attention entirely throughout the episode. Rami Malek is exceptionally talented at portraying the flawed and eccentric Elliot while captivating the characters humanity in his quest to right the wrongs within the confines of inequality amongst the masses. I particularly look forward to the back-story that was subtlety revealed about Elliot's childhood and the apparent dark world that he has known and how that has molded him into the man he is now. The little bit of Elliot's history that we get to see said much about the characters behavior and the reasons for why Elliot makes the choices he does without actually saying a word.

Supporting cast members Cristian Slater as Mr. Robot himself and Michel Gill (Gideon Goddard) best known for his portrayal of President Garrett Walker in "House of Cards," are interesting characters that drive the story forward and are idiosyncratic to the plot. An example of this being when Gideon (Gill) the owner of Allsafe Cyber Security and the always-consummate boss, reveals his more vulnerable human side "coming out" to Elliot and attesting to his fear of the possibility he could lose everything he's worked for.

With all the new drama series coming out this Summer I highly recommend Mr. Robot to be one you will want to add to the top of your watch list. In fact, I predict Mr. Robot will be the best new drama series this year and I would not be surprised to see a number of Emmy nominations including Best Actor in a Drama Series for Rami Malek for the 68th Emmy Awards Ceremony. Judging by the pilot episode alone, gives every indication that Mr. Robot is going to unfold a superb and absorbing story that will have viewers clamoring for more of TV's, soon to be, new favorite anarchist.