*SPOILERS* Allow the stage to be set. Luke Cage is an incredibly interesting and loved character from Marvel comics lore. Back in the days when few people ran around mask-less, he did so with a bravado unmatched, and in more recent years grew to have a wife, became a father, and even lead his own team of Avengers. He's a business man who doesn't take any back talk. Mike Colter showed us he was clearly the man for the job back in Jessica Jones, encapsulating the style and attitude very very well. And then the writers for this monstrosity got on board.

The series doesn't even start off all that bad. They introduce way too many characters without giving us a real feel for any of them, and despite the fact that Luke had been introduced prior, he too quickly feels estranged. A forgivable mistake, perhaps they will actually utilize all these characters and they'll grow on us over time. Before you know it, one of the main villains (of which there are at least 4 since not a single one can seem to hold any weight) is dead without providing a single threat to our titular hero. The rest of the villains mostly squabble among each other for the duration of the series, leaving Luke to develop a highly unnecessary and very, VERY forced relationship while facing more non-threats like a doctor who helps get him healthy again.

The only wounds suffered by main characters are healed practically by the whims of god with no explanation. The pacing is off, any good themes developed in the beginning not only disappear, but many are even reverted and send the opposite message by the end. The plot is a tangled mess of nonsense that, instead of twisting and turning in an intense roller coaster of thriller action, just flops around like a fish out of water. This show falls short of the greatness presented by the 3 seasons of shows presented prior to this one, which is incredibly unfortunate after seeing a bit of Luke presented back in Jessica Jones so perfectly. 

Anyone a fan of the cinematic universe or the character will likely be disappointed. Any slight victories in the first few episodes are thoroughly erased by the end. This series, as a whole, is not worth anyone's time.