At the moment this show has a score of 9.3 which is completely unrealistic and an insult to your intelligence. Be warned this show is made only for 12 year old comic book fans. If you don't care about comic books or have reached puberty STAY AWAY!!!

Im not a comic book kind of guy or a fan of superheroes in general but the amazing score got my attention so i started watching. With a score of 9.3 it must be nothing short of amazing, right? Boy was i wrong... The problem with stuff like this is that the fanboys all give it perfect scores, just because it is marvel or whatever. A near perfect score means it must be near perfect but this is clearly not in any shape or form no matter how much you wish it to be.

This show is lame, ridiculous, dull and cliché.

To be fair i only watched the first episode but it was so excruciatingly dull and uninteresting that it felt like a chore to watch this for 50 minutes. I was actually glad when it was over. Can't think of a single thing that made this worth my time. From start to finish it felt like a bunch of recycled generic scenes from other movies and TV shows. Absolutely nothing original. It was cliché after cliché non stop. Really basic stuff like the lame crime syndicate, the mandatory rooftop scene with the super hero overlooking (overhearing) the city and a nerd boy that transforms into a superhero at night. Speaking of the nerd boy: he really has no superhero credibility at all. I wasn't convinced for a second. It all seems more like a bad joke.

The acting is also not very convincing. The 2 main lawyer characters are really annoying. Non stop (supposedly) smart-cocky-funny remarks that feel really forced and are not funny at all. It has a real B- acting feel to it.

And for the love of god can someone please explain to me what is so realistic about this show. All i see is a blind guy that beats up everyone. Does that sound very realistic to you? Maybe in America, land of endless opportunity but in the rest of the world this is called bullshit.

(Gave it a score of 1 to compensate for all the fanboys but in reality i would say around a 5 or 6 is better suited)