'Cause you gotta be smokin' something, for this God-awful show to get a rating above 1! Jeez! Talk about deja-@#$%-ing-vu! It's friggin' "Fury Road" all over again! Once more, I hear people ranting and raving about how "Awesome" this is, and once more, I'm left scratching my head! Either the whole world has lost it's mind, or I've caught the affliction that Stan Marsh had in that one particular episode of "South Park". For reasons that I cannot fathom, The Daredevil movie from 2003, has become the most hated, and ridiculed comic book movie of the last ten years. Why? Because Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner were in it? Because it had humor? Because it had a Black man playing The Kingpin? Talk all the trash you want on it, you still have to give credit where it's due. At least Daredevil had a deep, moving, and compelling story. A story that wasn't a typical, paint-by-numbers, playing it safe, story that plagues A LOT of the current comic book movies today. I've liked some of the comic book movies of the last few years, but out of all the comic book films from 2002 to 2015, I've only LOVED 5 of them. In case you're wondering, here they are: #1 Daredevil. #2. Spider-Man. #3. Spider-Man 2. #4 Captain America: The First Avenger. #5 Captain America: The Winter Soldier. All the rest (in my opinion) are just cheap entertainment. Is the netflix Daredevil just cheap entertainment? Well, yes. However, that's not the only reason I didn't like it. I didn't like this show for the same reason I didn't like the TV show Gotham, or the fantastic four films, The Blade films, the X-Men films, and The "Amazing" Spider-man films: It doesn't feel like a comic book! There's a reason why comics aren't realistic: They'd be boring! When I read a comic, or a book, or sit down and watch a movie, I wanna escape to a place where the impossible is possible, and good always triumphs over evil. When I'm about to watch something based on a comic book, I expect the same thing. No more, no less! To me, this show just feels like a Law & Order rip-off (and a bad one at that!) with a costumed crime-fighter thrown in, just for the sake of it. If you like this series BECAUSE of the crime-drama feel to it, fine. To each their own. If this series turned you into a Daredevil fan, great. But If you haven't already, I strongly suggest you pick up a Daredevil comic before you watch the next season. (Preferably some of Frank Miller's issues) That is, if you really wanna understand the core of the character of Matt Murdock/Daredevil. Because this show does NOT and will NOT give you that! As for me, If I need a Daredevil fix, I'll crack open one of my graphic novels, or go back and watch the 2003 film, and view it as I always have for so many years: An underrated, misunderstood, gem of a film. Which I'll always hold close to my heart.