The first scene was terrible, why didn't Coppola cut an hour off the Conversation and just have Gene Hackman lay on the floor and yell these tapes are spinning my life out of control, because that would have been a bad choice as a director. The second scene holy #$%^ the last time I saw crying that forced and faked was at a talent show for non actors seriously not a joke. Why they had to have him cry just shows that Americans are &^%%$ies and cry babies they can't relate to morality or heroism but crying about how hard they have it now your speaking English. Then the guy they picked to play dare devil looks like Robins little brother I can't believe this guy could defend his sandwich from a fly, which explains why the human traffickers he fought were smaller then the Asian women they kidnapped? Then the girl, did they want to make it seem like a high school girl worked high up in some corporation, well that's one accomplishment. She begins the annoying screaming that keeps popping back up every-time they fast forward through an interesting scene and I'm supposed to just lay back and go oh screaming and sounds of pain now I'm invested. So if this is the tone for this series I'm out, basically this is a bad show that utilizes propaganda trickery, takes unbelievable characters the same way fox and msnbc do during election time for politicians, and pulls your emotional puppet strings for a I'm crying so it must be good right vote. No it's not good, because making people cry is the easiest thing a film maker of today can do to an audience. Making believable characters only a good actor can do that to which this show has none. To be fair it really isn't these actors fault that they were brought up in a weak generation of cowards and effeminate men and so have no experience or real reference to play the part of someone who had a hard life. Basically if they got one of the Princes from England and told them to play a poor person in the hood you would have an American film down pat. Unrealistic because the actors can not be something they are not, hero's, tough guys, or the slightest bit believable. What happened to this country go back and watch Rumble Fish and ask yourself how come not one single actor today could play a regular average tough American, because those days are gone, now is the era of slobbering wimps who need hero's to cry so they have something to relate to. Who ever directed Brimstone (Peter Horton?) should have been employed to do this show now that was a good comic book T.V. series and Pete didn't cry once and off'ed the bad guys by shooting them in the face, no wonder they canceled it. Again did not like show because the acting and directing are terrible.