Nothing in this show at all. Watching like amateur's attempting the big leagues, falling flat. Doesn't perform within expectation, revelling in its stupidity.

Dialogue is awful, acting is awful, action is awful.

What are people cheering here? Uncoordinated fight sequences, clumsy fumbling, often ending in paint, BAM SPLAT EXPLODE. The hallway fight in episode 2. This is the worse sequence I have ever seen out of any action ever. The rest of the time, he throws guns, but doesn't fire them. Those firing any guns cannot shoot quicker then he detaches the clip, or thrown guns back at them. Enemies literally fly around without any connection made to them. When contact is shown, it looks like a slap, no power, force, or weight. Shown as wrong to any mixed arts adopted. Excluding certain pommelling where no opponents are within the camera angle, lacking any poise presented. There have been some holds, grapples sometimes seen better. Although he was trained as a boxer.

When do Japanese, they aren't Yakuza, although mysteriously they act like a triad sect. Work with Russian Bratva, but these really cannot be called that, those dipshits. Work for an American kingpin? There is also an accountant an old man, I really don't know what he adds to that party except further stupidity. The kingpin however is a Sontaran, he should be driving the limo, not getting out of one, he also a lisp because he is called Fisk. Must be comic'al. These international syndicates meet up together, at the same time, giving out group hugs, because they don't know how to Facebook.

Most of the rest of the story is about everybody's love affairs drifting into larger portions of air time. FISK's emotional make humorously coming from a Sontaran. The PA and the attorney, a pair of geeks. The superhero and the doc, don't blink try too focus.

Many errors contradicting basic common sense. Anton knows where Fisk's restaurant is, but Vlad doesn't. How does a blind person with recent facial scarring upon the left side of their face win acquittals for murder through GBH? Fisk's top boy recovering the gun himself, he needed the camera time. The Daredevil dropping certain criminals at the police station others he conveniently forgets to do so.

This show is like watching splatter horror, absolutely ghoulish. Avoid. I watched maybe 4 episodes, cannot continue. It doesn't get better only worse. Sure this series may or not, be darker then some others within this genre. Although at least they put together a better story, coordinate fight scenes, have better actors.