I am sure you already guessed, I love the show.

A forensic anthropologist teams up with an FBI Agent to solve crimes involving bones, and a lot of technical terms - that I absolutely have no comprehension of, nor a desire to comprehend - ensues. I don't even want to know if their technique is accurate or just a lot of "Blah-blah-blah-yada-yada-yada." It's not just another scientific crime show, I find the interaction between the characters, their inside jokes and the story of Dr. Brennan's family more captivating than just "solving the crimes and going home" shows, we already have plenty of those. Not that they are bad, I love "CSI" and its spin-offs.

But "Bones" is so entertaining, if you miss an episode of "CSI" for example, there will be no big deal; there was a crime, they solved the crime, some minor things happened with the characters, they sometimes smiled but mostly brooded a lot.

But with "Bones", I like to watch the interactions between the characters.

The two leads have great chemistry together, I cannot think of two people more fit for the characters and who function quite well and comfortably together. I love it when Seeley Booth is lost in the lab and always need "subtext" and when the table is turned and Dr. Temperance Brennan is out on the streets with him and most of the time doesn't "know what this means".

I already liked David Boreanaz when he was "Angel" and now I have fallen hopelessly in love, he is funny, sweet, sexy, chivalrous, a guy that you would love to meet one day and take home and ... well, you get the drift. 

Emily Deschanel as Dr. Brennan manages the blend of being not so much connected with the normal world and at the same time sexy and trendy. As one of the comments here says it is not logical, why not? Can't you have a good taste and know how to look good, but at the same time not so much in touch with television shows and pop culture? 

The rest of the cast are all so lovable, Jack Hodgins and Angela Montenegro fit well together and their love story makes a nice sub-story with loads of fun, while they were looking for Angela's husband, or their sexual escapades. I did not like Tamara Taylor at all before, but here as Dr. Camille Saroyan she has managed to make me change my mind about her. Dr. Lance Sweets was a nice and fresh addition, and Caroline Julian's reactions towards Dr. Brennan is exceptional. Max Keenan and Russ are also so lovable as Dr. Brennan's father and brother.

The only exception is Dr. Zack Addy, I found myself not able to relate with him or even feel sorry when he turned out to be the "bad" guy. I think the character could have been a little more human and so render himself more lovable.

One glitch though, from which Harlequin Romance Novel did they get the idea of Caroline Julian asking Booth and Brennan to kiss under the mistletoe in return of a favor for Brennan? And the kiss was so awkward  I have expected more from Booth and Brennan when they finally kiss.

I have only watched until Season Three. Can't wait for Season Four, I only hope they continue on the same level.