Here is a show that is refreshingly real, from characters to plots, while intellectually stimulating, and willing to tickle our funny bone.

Dr. Temperance 'Bones' Brennan (Emily Deschanel) is a smart, focused, professional woman whose sensitivities are not so far from the surface that she is hard, or hardened by avoiding them, nor so close to the surface that she is weak, or weakened by them. She is serious, candid and forthright. Her ability to "handle" herself stems from confidence and experience, not tragedy or pathology as is so often the case in TV-land female characters.

Special Agent Seeley Booth (David Boreanaz) could be a hardened, tough guy, stereotypical character. He is not. While we are reminded regularly of his past as a military sniper, the sensitivity he brings to his duties as an FBI agent redeem his past actions, as is his hope. Make no mistake, he is a fierce patriot and proud FBI man, yet his character's motives and motivation are clear and noble. They are never fanatically righteous or overbearingly macho.

These two characters are wonderfully balanced with each other: their approach to life, to their work, to the pursuit of this week's mystery. Their relationship rings true. Through agreements, disagreements and the sense of humor it takes to weather both, Deschanel and Boreanaz always deliver the wry portrayal these two staunchly serious, but genuinely human characters deserve. Each character's work is expertly accomplished and equally important to the solutions they unravel together. As audience, we enjoy their working together. Temperance Brennan and Seeley Booth are a great team - as are Emily Deschanel and David Boreanaz.

With these two very real 21st Century individuals, and stories that skillfully incorporate forensic anthropology, both as it is used in the discipline of anthropology to understand the most ancient of artifacts, and as it is used in the most modern criminal labs, the foundation is strong for TV entertainment of the highest kind. But, it isn't only the charisma of the two main characters or their portrayers that keeps the show real, believable, compelling. Dr. Brennan's support team at the lab are a fine crew (Michaela Conlin as Angela Montenegro - forensic artist and friend to Dr. Brennan, Eric Millegan as Zack Addy - genius, geeky, naively lovable forensic anthropologist in-training, T.J. Thyne as Dr. Jack Hodgins - soil, bug and all-things-creepy expert, and Jonathan Adams as Dr. Daniel Goodman - administrator/anthropologist and the lab crew's boss). Each has an expertise that is technically viable and each is well portrayed by the actors cast. It all adds up to a TV show you can't wait to see again next week!