This new series has a pilot and twenty-one more episodes, and to cover this series five years later you have to consider two things: the content of the episodes, or their subjects, and the characters and plot treatment.

The subjects are always limited in one episode and they are often dealing with immediate reality. There is thus no surprise to find one essential subject is the Iraq war in 2005. This subject comes back in several episodes and these show that the war itself was not very clean and they reveal one attitude only: anything unjust has to be redressed. It has to be redressed because the victims of this injustice have the right to know and because the author of the injustice is a plain criminal, murderer most of the time. This attitude is all the more emphasized and even dramatized because Agent Booth is a veteran of the Kosovo war and has seen, experienced and suffered some such episodes.

That's the second thing you have to keep in mind with this series: Agent Booth is an FBI agent but also a Kosovo survivor. He merges a very military dynamism, extremely precise work, a great sense of logic and deduction, total commitment to fairness and truth. This is also very important when they deal with the case of illegal immigration and more or less clandestine and illegal refugees from the Central American countries that have been ridden with civil wars most of the time supported on the wrong side by the US. On the wrong side, I will say because of what we know today, since today in most countries the left-leaning insurgency has politically recovered and electorally re-conquered power. In other words the US support and at times intervention was wasted and badly advised. And that has to do with Iraq where such an ill-advised intervention was going on at the time.

The second main character is Doctor Temperance Brennan. She works for the Jeffersonian Institute and she is a bone specialist in all fields where bones have to be scrutinized, analyzed and reconstructed as to what they may tell about what happened to the person they belonged to once. She is assisted by three people. First an art-trained person is there to recreate places and bodies from the remains or the memory of witnesses thanks to highly specialized software. Then another doctor trained in physics, chemistry and biology who has an extremely high level of knowledge in his fields and can analyze any matter, stuff or whatever that can reveal the circumstances of the death of a "patient". Finally a young intern who is working on his doctorate thesis and is also extremely and sharply specialized and informed in the physiology of the body or the skeleton of any person. The boss of the Jeffersonian institute is a Black man who used to be an archaeologist but who remains discreet on scientific matters.

Yet the series avoids any kind of over-learned language that we wouldn't be able to understand. Nevertheless it uses a lot of the paraphernalia of software and computer assisted and aided visualization to make laboratory scenes palatable and even interesting.

The final great point of this series is the very careful study of the relations between these people, administrative, authority, personal, even intimate relations and problems, knowing there are two women and three men and they all have personal lives. But the series insist on the background of Agent Booth but also of Dr Brennan: her parents disappeared when she was a young teenager, her brother abandoned her when he was 19 and is on probation for some crime. At the end of this first series the body of the mother is found, her death is clarified, Dr Brennan gets to some kind of reconciliation with her brother and the father remains alive, talkative on the phone but absent physically, in fact escaping justice as he would deserve due to his criminal past. That's where the plot sickens for the second season.

Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID