Bones is the hit show on Fox which has been running for four years now, and it stars Emily Deschanel ('Glory Road') and David Boreanaz ('Buffy the Vampire Slayer', 'Angel') as Dr. Temperance "Bones" Brennan and Special Agent Seeley Booth, a forensic anthropologist and FBI agent who work together to solve homicide cases, some from many years ago. While inspecting the cases, some personal issues arise and they talk about their latest relationships (mainly Booth's) and Bones' family; they also have underlying sexual tension and it's so pointedly talked about by Angela (Michaela Conlin), who says that Bones is overdue for a fling or relationship, and Hodgins (TJ Thyne), who comes to Bones' rescue and defends her right of privacy. The show deals with relationship, both on a professional and personal level, and it addresses proper medical terms (mainly used by Zack, who's played by Eric Millegan). Tamara Taylor joined the cast as a regular as Dr. Camille Saroyan, who replaced Jonathan Adams as Dr. Daniel Goodman, the director of the Jeffersonian Institute.

The series is loosely (and I mean *loosely*) based on the life of real forensic anthropologist Kathy Reichs, who's also a producer on the show, and her character Temperance Brennan who is the main character in her hit book series. Ironically, Dr. Brennan is an author on the side of being an anthropologist and her main character is basically Kathy, an anthropologist herself. It's also (loosely) based on Kathy's real-life cases and adventures. But one difference between the books and show is that in the show Temperance is a bit uptight and is shielded from the rest of the world; all she sees is blood, human remains and the effects of the war in places like Vietnam. She also is single and has communication problems; Whereas the book version of Temperance is the exact opposite. She works with her partner Detective Andrew Ryan and she has a child (who's all grown up and in college) from her marriage, who she divorced, and she has a bird called Charlie and a cat in her house. Dr. Temperance Brennan is dedicated to her work, constantly thinks about her daughter, is still good friends with her ex-husband and thinks about curling up in Ryan's arms every night. Whereas Temperance in Bones is childless, never been married, doesn't have any pets and lives in an apartment. She also doesn't have any romantic connection to Booth (except for the kiss at Christmas time), and she's basically clueless when it comes to pop-culture, replying: "I don't know what that means".

Dr. Jack Hodgins is named after one of the producers friends, who's also a doctor, so whenever he tries to google himself he gets the character of Jack Hodgins, not himself directly (which may I add is true. Just google "Dr. Jack Hodgins" and you'll get the character and actor (TJ Thyne).) Although Dr. Jack Hodgins is actually a real person, the rest of the characters aren't real people, nor are they really based on a person in particular. They're just characters in a massive hit show which was founded by Hart Hanson. In saying that, Hart told Kathy and the companies that he didn't want his show to be solely based on the science, but of the characters and cases. He wanted to dig into the characters pasts as well as solve the case and have a lot of the science and accurate terms and movements in the show. Boreanaz was the first to be cast on the show for the role of Seeley, and Deschanel was the second as the title character Dr. Temperance Brennan. Boreanaz was unsure of accepting the role because of his first meeting with Hart and Barry, even though he was drawn to the script, but the producers finally convinced him to accept. And the rest, as they say, is history.

So, if you want a crime show which not only focuses on the cases and science aspect of it, but also the relationships between the characters, background stories, touching moments, romance and loads of comedy, 'Bones' is a MUST SEE!