Rarely does a new TV show capture my attention. The television industry doesn't usually support and nurture their best, smartest shows so I don't get attached to TV shows anymore--too many past disappointments and mind-numbing dialogue.

I checked out Bones because David Boreanaz (Special Agent Seely Booth) is in the cast. David is an excellent actor and a favorite of mine. I follow his career. He can be quite funny and doesn't take himself too seriously. He is also quite handsome and makes acting look easy and natural. Special Agent Booth and Dr. Brennan are the main characters in Bones and their chemistry is intriguing. I look forward to the development of this relationship.

The shows' characters work out of a research lab at the Jeffersonian Institute in Washington DC. It is meant to resemble the Smithsonian Institute. Fighting crime is not their first priority. The study of human bones is. They are helping the FBI with cases involving bones that are difficult to identify.

Emily Deschanel is fantastic in the role of Dr. Temperence Brennan. Her delivery of her character's lines makes the viewer believe that Emily really is Dr. Brennan--the genius forensic scientist. She is so matter-of-fact. There is no "I am so smart" smugness or "She is too beautiful, smart and sexy to be a forensic scientist" as in other forensic shows. Dr. Brennan's social ineptitude and indifference is what makes her lovable and believable. So many of us feel similar in our social lives. Her honesty is endearing. Bringing closure to the loved ones of the deceased is very important to Dr. Brennan. Her parents disappeared when she was a teenager and she doesn't know what became of them. This is an integral part of the storyline and defines her character.

The Squint Squad, as the forensic team is referred as by the FBI agents, is perfectly cast. Named this because they squint into microscopes and such? Angela is the artist who does artistic reconstruction of the skeletons to get a visual of the person the Skelton used to be. She is warm, sexy, socially smart, flirtatious and the best friend of Dr. Brennan. She is the only non-scientist in the lab. Dr. Brennan and Angela compliment each other and Angela shows the viewer the sensitive side of their work. Angela gets teary-eyed and nauseous when the scientists are cold and calculating. Angela adds the flesh to the bones and warmth to the Squint Squad by reminding them to have fun and leave the lab every once in awhile. She also makes the forensics easy to understand for the viewers.

Zack is the cute, lovable genius geek forensic science grad student. That's a mouthful. He is trying to impress Dr. Brennan at every turn. He usually does. 

Jack is the bug man of the Squint Squad. He is the defiant, skeptical entomologist--a conspiracy theorist that dislikes the government and pushes back at every opportunity. He seems to resent the FBI's intrusion into his world. He is often trying to pick up women who come into the lab and not doing a very good job at it. But he does make us laugh!

Bones isn't a one town, one cast show. In its first season, Dr. Brennan and Agent Booth traveled to Washington State, Louisiana, Los Angeles and other interesting locales to investigate bones. They regularly interact with the locals--doctors, law enforcement and colorful residents-- in their investigations. Many of the bones they investigate have significant historic backgrounds. Dr. Brennan, with the help of the team, is able to figure out the identity of the 200 year old bones and what happened to them. The histories are fascinating, so are the ways in which the team reveals them. The viewer learns more about the personal lives of the team in each show--usually through their reaction to an aspect of a case.

The show also delves into current events such as the Iraq War and Hurricane Katrina. In Louisiana, the camera showed the destruction from Hurricane Katrina. There were streets lined with piles of debris months after the hurricane. Dr. Brennan went to help identify bodies and the viewer learned about the mental state of New Orleans, or at least the shows' view of it.

The writing is smart, funny and fresh. I cannot find anything to criticize and I am usually quite critical. 

I need intelligence in my entertainment and Bones delivers. It is just plain fun too.