The action of the series is extremely dense and as such the series is interesting, entertaining, suspenseful. But it takes more than simple action to make a good series.

[...]

The whole story turns around the fact that this marine was turned or broken by his captors. The way they did it, and we learn right at the end it was decided by Iranian people directly under control of the security boss in Iran, is original and at the same time standard. First torture knowing that all the man says during the first seven or eight days is worth nothing because a marine is trained to resist torture for seven to eight days. [...] 

The second element is that after this torture that can only last a short time, you have to get the chap into total absolute isolation with rare moments of contact with the outside world and under perfect guidance. The prisoner will little by little get out of his mind and to keep some sanity he will turn to a god or some kind of spiritual or religious belief. That's when the Stockholm Syndrome can hit hard on the prisoner. In that total loss of contact, perspective and connections with the world if some kindness is proposed by one of the captors, if possible one that has played a role in the torturing but not the direct torturing part, rather the commanding part in the torture, then the prisoner will become grateful and if this kindness goes on and increases the prisoner will naturally turn. His religious need will lead him to adopting the religion of his captors. In this case the prisoner is entrusted with teaching English to the son of the leading figure among the captors and this brings the prisoner into an emotional situation where he falls in love with the child, the young boy. At this moment the prisoner has become a member of a situation that makes him part of the captors' world. The torture broke him and the kindness turned him.

[...]

It goes, in the last episodes of the third season, as far as showing the turned prisoner can first be turned all over again and back to what he used to be, a Marine, and then the mission he had been entrusted with when he was turned the first time can become the very incentive for fulfilling at any cost the mission he has been entrusted with when he was turned back to his initial Marine format, and the intermediary turning of the man by his captors will become the force that will motivate his vengeance or vengeful power which will lead him to fulfilling the second mission: he will eradicate those who turned him the first time out vengeance.

The second theme of the series is very debatable. To pretend that the present change in Iran is the result of a CIA opposition that liquidated the historical main security leader in Iran and had him replaced by a CIA undercover agent is simply absurd. This undercover CIA agent was the chief of security under the Shah and then became the second man in command of the security system under the ayatollahs. In other words he is a turn-coat. To pretend that he has embezzled great sums from his own security operations and hence from the regime in Iran is just foolish. It takes an embezzler to recognize another. That's the type of tactics the CIA uses and they consider everyone does the same. Since the CIA leads the people they want to buy to embezzling money through their double-agent situation, they think it is natural for everyone to dream and desire to be an embezzler. What's more to think that the evolution of Iran is nothing but secret service corruption and penetration and infiltration from the CIA is mental simplicity. [...]

The final remark I will make is that the CIA is using, at times at top level, people who are psychologically deranged or non-functional. Here the main agent in these "adventures" is a woman and she is bipolar, hence highly sensitive to any withdrawal from her drugs and she should not even be sent in hostile fields since she could be tortured by just being cut off from her drugs. Such "motivations" or "abilities," I mean the abilities that are developed in such psychologically deficient situations, can be useful for some extreme situations but they are extremely dangerous in the long run because the person cannot be trusted.

And she sure cannot be trusted, so much that she can easily be manipulated including by the CIA in order to fulfill objectives she is not even conscious or aware of. This vision of humanity (man is nothing but a manipulated manipulating manipulator) is a denial of humanity itself. We can see what it may lead to with ISIS or Ukraine. In the first case Iran finds it easy to laugh at the West who actually financed the various movements that now have turned out to be ISIS. In the same case it does not take much from Putin to manipulate Ukraine back to some kind of a compromise after the Ukrainians (including the remnants of the Nazi units that had managed to survive in the West as political refugees from the USSR and had come back to be the agents of the West, and particularly the European Community, after the fall of the USSR) had been manipulated into ousting the properly elected President during the Sochi Olympic Games.

[...] 

This series is typical of the new Cold War ideology that is developing in the West confronted to the fact that this West has lost the leading position in the world and the future is in the hands of the BRICS and their allies or partners. [...]

This Cold War flavor is regrettable because the series is fascinating at many levels.

Dr Jacques COULARDEAU