I can see where this series pisses off Americans and especially those of right-wing political views, or ex-Marines or extremist patriots. The idea of a war hero becoming a sleeper for the other side is deeply unsettling and controversial: coming from a country still feeling the effects of a war ended almost 2 decades ago, I can tell you it's a universal feeling. That's the main point that makes this show subversive. But there's much more.

The CIA agent bordering on rogue, the family drama of faith and faithfulness, cynical politicians and heartless agents – it all makes for great drama and heated discussions from all sides of the political spectrum – because this show is impossible to watch without considering political undertones. And the actors deliver, giving very human performances amid this flurry of potentially controversial topics. My favorite here is definitely Mandy Patinkin, who is very convincing as a man who is in the process of realizing that his work has entirely taken over his life and marriage without him really noticing and is getting to grips with it. I really hope that season two will give us more of this fine actor.

Claire Danes has come a long way and she is surprisingly good in her complex and emotional role. Damian Lewis delivers as well, while Morena Baccarin seems to be struggling with her role, just as her character is struggling with the situation she is in.

The show is excellently written and apart from the military-related inaccuracies, there really are no plot holes some reviewers are quick to point out. Yes, a psychotic CIA agent would be an outrage in real life, but so would veteran terrorists and FBI SWAT killing two praying Muslims. That's what makes drama and art. The final episode was a real cliffhanger that leaves you wanting more and thinking about all the ways the story can go. If you have a problem with the ending or the plot, then this show is not your problem, but some other issues.

I'm giving this show 8/10, just for the hope that they will deliver the great expectations we have for season 2.