Television continues to put US cinema to shame in terms of quality. With 24 gone, Homeland manages to capture similar intensity and excitement.

Homeland follows a bi-polar CIA agent Carrie (Danes) who while in the Middle East is told by jailed terrorist that an American soldier has been turned. Back in the US, an American marine, Brody (Lewis) who had been captured by the enemy, tortured, and kept in captivity for 8 years is rescued. He makes his triumphant return to the States. Carrie connects the dots and thinks he is the turned soldier. She makes her case to her superiors- Saul her supervisor and mentor and to Estes, a CIA director. It's not an easy sell as Brody is a national hero. Saul nevertheless gives her permission to install surveillance in Brody's hours for a couple of weeks, off the books. She discovers very little of significance. But we learn a lot about him and his life at home and also about a secret he keeps from his family, one that Carrie only discovers later.

Brody returns somewhat dysfunctional but re-adapts quickly to normalcy. His wife, the always alien-looking Baccarin, was just about to inform their two children about her relationship to Mike- Brody's best friend. So she has to suddenly pretend to be the wife who waited patiently for her man. The two kids grew up without a father and learned to love Mike suddenly have to get used to the idea that this stranger is really their father.

Carrie, who was deeply affected by 9/11 because in her mind she missed something, something that only she should have seen, is single and her only family is her sister, her two nieces, and a strange dad. The sister provides her with her meds, so that no one has to know about her mental condition. This condition isn't all that noticeable, except that she is somewhat hyperactive, work is her life, and she takes rather strange decisions at times, which no real CIA agent would take. Her mental illness becomes only an issue in the early episodes and in the end when it all unravels. She has been hot on the trail of the main Al Qaeda guy Abu Nazir who indeed is working on some attack on the US. An entire substory involves a deal that is made to purchase a home in the US by some of Abu Nazir's associates.

Carrie gets very close to Brody and even hooks up with him and spends a weekend with him in her family's country house. During that weekend Brody comes clean to her about his secret. He always sensed that Carrie was distrustful of him. At that time, the CIA also learns that the other soldier, Tom Walker, who was captured with Brody and who initially was thought to be dead, isn't dead but on US soil and working on an attack- he is an outstanding sniper. It's also around the time when the Vice President is about to announce he is running for President. This line of investigation will continue till the end of the season, and we learn also what Brody is up to.

In the finale everything is worked out, almost all loose threads are connected and it ends in a great mild cliffhanger.

Homeland has an excellent story and it knows how to tell that story in a measured yet exciting way. Some episode endings are stunning, the way they were in 24. Almost everything is explained and makes sense, except for Tom Walker. Some mystery around him remains. Like all series, it starts and ends very strong while some of the episodes in the middle are weak. There is a good balance between realism and the improbable- starting with a bi-polar CIA agent of course. Almost everything that happens is enjoyable to see, with the exception of Saul's pathetic behavior when his Indian wife leaves him, and Carrie's bi-polar meltdown near the end. Mental illness is never fun to see on screen, especially because Carrie carries herself so well when she is mentally healthy. For some reason this show rejoices in using foul language, which is not very believable since we are talking here about the upper levels of the CIA. One can't imagine for example the lovely Valerie Wilson ever talking or behaving the way Carrie does at times.

Performances are strong all around. Danes's is an absolute tour de force. Even Lewis does a good job, but the problem with him is that he just doesn't look the part. He didn't look the part in Life either. He would look right at home on British television, on American no so much.

I look forward to Season 2. We know some of the story when it comes to Brody and it will be interesting to see what they do with Carrie.