I am entirely surprised as to this shows rating. At this moment in time the rating is at a 8.2. This compared to a show like Deadwood which is at a 8.9.

Now Deadwood was an examination in the creation of civilization out of a savage land. Filled to the brim with good actors inhabiting multifaceted and complex characters that touted amazing dialog.

Could one expect some of the same from Arrow. One could but only with ensuing disappointment.

I have now seen the first season and I won't be moving forward with season 2. Granted this 2nd season might take a quantum leap in quality. But I highly doubt it.

As a lot have pointed out. Arrow is basically Batman Begins in TV form. This could've been exciting if it weren't for the huge difference in quality.

I love characters. Unfortunately these characters pretty one dimensional even though they do evolve slightly over the cause of season one. Unfortunately they never really become real people because of their one note personalities. The show tries to create complexity but fails. It doesn't help that the actors for the most part aren't particularly fantastic. The chemistry between the supposed friends, lovers, family members also leave a lot to be desired. Needless to say I had a hard time finding a real character to empathize with.

The dialog is very stiff and unengaging, which again doesn't help when the different characters are struggling with finding chemistry with each other.

The plots are for the most parts predictable and clichéd. It's like the writers have studied a very traditional story model and lack the fantasy to try something new. There are plot holes abound and more than a few unexplained events.

Not everything is bad. As the show does manage to create a hook for the viewer. A hook that would've worked better if the characters had been deeper and easier to sympathize with. The show reveals new tidbits about the main protagonists road to becoming Arrow for every episode. Which is a pretty good hook instead of the formulaic setup of finding a new villain for every episode.

But for the most part this show, at least through season 1, is a lackluster and clichéd outing with one note characters and forgettable plot.