Arrow is successfully disappointing in every aspect that I could think of: (big spoiler alert!!! )

1.Directing- The scenes are poorly directed. Lets start from the poor performance of the characters which I believe could have done better with another director. For example Oliver (the Arrow) is believed to be dead for 5 years, when he comes back home from the dead he get a soft hug from his sister (Really??? a hug ??? you could think he went on a bushiness trip and came back), don't get me wrong I'm not looking for much emotions in this series but this is a poor understanding of the situation. Other then the performance the scenes are just not professionally filmed! another strong example is at one of the scenes Oliver is talking with his mother not arguing of fighting but using cold sentences to each other) and all of a sudden his sister ,which observed them from far distance, claim that they had a fight (OK maybe she can read their lips). there are so many scenes that I can give you but you got the point and I should continue to the next thing. Second thing which keeps going all the time is that the Arrow is using arrows and his enemies using guns,automatic weapons and they keep missing the target.As far as I can tell the arrow doesn't have a super dodge ability, and it seemed too lame that police officers, S.W.A.T teams and special forces soldier all miss the Arrow and even the camera angle doesn't let you thing that there is a far distance between them (oh God this is insulting). Third thing is that many time the Arrow is hunting some evil guy and they seem to miraculously disappear right in front of him!! (OK maybe he is not that a sharp hero).

2.Plot development- OK this even worse the the poor directing. for a whole season Oliver is murdering people who allegedly corrupted the city.He is the judge and the executioner (Ok this will change as the series goes). but what really bothers me is that most of the characters around the Arrow doesn't seem to worry about the killing spree .Only 2 characters does, and only at a very late part of the series. Another thing is that there are 3-4 enemies that keep come back at the first and second season. I love when a character is suddenly comes back to the series but this is happening too many time!! with the same characters !! come on the DC universe has plenty of villains, use them! Another is that the Arrow identity isn't kept as secret as you expect, at some point everyone knows who is the Arrow except new villains. One last thing that shows again how the plot is poorly developed is that the characters had done some terrible things one to another (cheating, lying, kidnapping,drugging, murdering ) but they somehow in an unreasonable way forgive each other or even worse - help each other (!?!?). 

I could keep on criticizing this series and keep on with the spoilers (the big one is at middle of season 3 which I decided not to mention here) but if you read this far you probably make up your mind already so Ill save you from more spoilers/criticizing .

2 good things I have to say about the Arrow (the reason why I rate it 3/10 and not 1/10) 1.The connection to the DC comic world by joining interesting character to the series (especially joining forces with another TV series. A step I think had never been seen before on the screen). but this happened too late I suppose to save this poor series. you probably ask yourself why I keep watching this series, only to understand another good, amazing, thrilling and Flashing series. 2. Villains that are though enough to beat down the arrow - this is comes only at the middle of season 2 and season 3 but it surely add a lot to the emptiness of this series . and of course the Arrow ridiculously defeat them somehow thanks to the director.

In a sentence - this series could have been much greater, but it managed to be a disaster (i.e the Arrow character at Smallville was way much better). this is a real insult to your intelligence. think twice before staring to watch this big disappointment.