I'll be honest, as soon as I heard about this show, especially how about it would be "dark and gritty", I felt I wouldn't like it. However, two friend of mine recommended it, so I watched the first episode.

I'm giving it three out of ten because the cameraman had the camera turned on and pointed in the right direction during filming, the scenes located in a castle were actually filmed in a castle, the costume department had provided some costumes and the actors weren't actually reading from scripts during the scenes. But everything else? Waste of time I know that the biographies of Green Arrow and Batman share some similarities, but this simply lifts a good portion of the plot of batman begins, re names a few characters and places and packages it up in 42 minute installments.

No-one in the cast stands out, they've gone to the same pool of TV/ soap opera actors you've seen in half a dozen shows already. They're generic looking actors (for example, the actor playing "arrow", I can only imagine the casting call described him as "Christian Bale/ Chris O Donnell but cheaper"), which wouldn't be so bad if the script gave them any chance to shine, but it doesn't - it's just thoroughly mediocre. At one point someone says the line "I guess starling city has a new guardian angel", always be wary when a writer has a character say this, it mean they're not sure they've managed to convey that through the plot, which is sort of the point of the plot.

Speaking of the actor, Stepehn Amell, I guess he watched the dark knight trilogy, and decided that portraying a multi faceted character with layers to his personality, who's hiding a dark and sinister nature mainly involves scowling a lot. there's a reason Christian Bale is paid a lot of money to scowl in movies; he knows how to do it well. This guy? not so much.

Long story short, if you liked "Smallville" maybe you'll enjoy this. But for all it's pretension for being a dark and gritty adult drama, this is aimed squarely at angsty teens who'll buy iPhones because they see them in this show. If you want to watch an engaging character based drama about a DC comics superhero, watch Batman: The Animated Series from the nineties, because honestly, the animated characters in that seem more human