I've enjoyed DC for many years in all its mediums and the reprisal of the (Green) Arrow to the mainstream in Smallville was enjoyable despite the beautiful people aspect of the series. So I was expecting a lot from "The Arrow" especially when 2 of my favourite actors appeared in it, John Barrowman (Dr Who/Torchwood) and Manu Bennett (Spartacus). I was thinking "YES!!!"

So I've stuck it out for 15 episodes. Even when the soap level side plots and lazy scripting and dialogue have threatened to derail some pretty good action scenes and the main plot line itself. 

The cast has quality in it. Susanna Thompson who is rock solid in her role. Colin Donnell does well as the troubled son trying to find his way in life. John Barrowman is toothily good in his role as the Arrow/Queen family's nemesis. So I won't blame the acting for the stuttering character development, as I know what this cast is capable of. You can almost see the actors gritting their teeth having to use heavy handed cliché dialogue. I would point to the direction as a big problem though. For instance Paul Blackthorne's portrayal of Lance (another solid actor) came across as a case of psychotic schizophrenia...."Who am I he?" he cries...loving father or psychopathic cop that is quite happy to risk his only remaining daughter for a bust. To lose one would be careless to lose two? No wonder the poor guy is losing his hair. 

What can I say about Stephen Amell/Arrow, well he has an expressive suit(even though it is ill fitting especially for a billionaire). More than I can say for Stephen's acting. To be fair he does look the part, still that can only take you so far. The original DC Green Arrow was a bit of a wit and had a turn of phrase which is something a more expressive lead may have brought to the show. While the suit could certainly be saved by a visit to the tailor it might take more to save Stephen from looking so constipated all the time. 

The product placement in almost every episode has not enamoured me to the show either. Treating the viewer as an unthinking consumer that will digest anything put in front of them is patronizing and insulting, more so when it is done so blatantly. 

Since when does a tracking device that can be monitored on the internet require you to switch from an alleged state of the art smart phone (Lumia) to a notepad(Surface), a device that we know fits in every gals purse when they are at a dinner dance wearing not much more than a smile.

Still 15 episodes in I'm still looking for it to become more than an extended advert for chewing gum. Will it get a second season? Probably but for all the wrong reasons. 

All this series needs is new writers,real direction and a miracle to raise it from mediocrity and sometimes outright embarrassment. Maybe it is time to start again.

I would ask one question of IMDb how does this show merit an 8.2 rating? Seriously!!!