First I was really thrilled and excited about the idea of a show, which is based on a graphic novel and refreshes the classic "hero-against-the-villains-theme", even if I haven't heard much about this Green Arrow guy before. Than I saw this piece of something...

Should I be offended by the more than perky patchwork of all the mainstream concepts, which are commonly associated with rating success? Should I blame the "writers" for stealing or "borrowing" conceptual ideas almost everywhere? 

Take the Batman motive, put it in the Nikita framework, add some O.C. Jibberjabber, shake it, put some great cherries from Lost on the top and voila - there is our new hit guarantee. Hell yeah, since we have some really huge and almost unbearably exciting "mysteries" about the background stories of the characters, why not shoot some scenes on a mystery island anyways. As there is no need to cover the "transfer of ideas", we might as well hammer it into the viewers head: This show is so cool and so hip, like all the Batman movies combined, but newer, AND it has Lost in it!

Should I blame the producers for casting only model like hobby actors? Should I be irritated by frequently showing the topless Adonis, who is supposed to be the Green Arrow, while he is working out? Or should I wonder why fathers look the same age as their sons, of course extremely handsome and "ageless young"?

I could go on like this for hours. Well, not for hours, as there isn't very much more to say about this show. Fact is, none of this really bothers me, I've seen it and learned to deal with it, as long as a show delivers what I asked for: Some respectable action and good entertainment. But this piece of something manages to ruin even that. There always have to be some pseudo-dramatic scenes, these more than poorly written and played soap elements finally stabbed me in the guts and took me down. I have to surrender: Please, no more arrows! Why do I have to live in a world where Firefly was canceled and Arrow will probably run for decades?

The three stars are only for costumes, some pretty sweet combat scenes and Manu Bennett (who played Crixus in Spartacus, I just like this guy).