(This review is written after having seen episodes 1-6 only) Who the hell decided to give the green light for this series in this state? Honestly, the people who made this must have never read a comic book in their lives.

First off, let's get the good things out of the way: the plot is very promising and so far it's the only thing that keeps me going, and the cinematography/effects are not bad, but they could use a little polish here and there, especially the choreography of some fight scenes. (2 stars from here) Now what is wrong with this series? They failed on every level to deliver us a show about a superhero. They took the idea of the Green Arrow and crapped all over it.

Firstly, the Green Arrow is supposed to be an incredibly stoic and cynical character when he is monologuing, with a witty tongue reserved for his foes. Someone who used to be a very naive young man once, but who was slapped in the face with the realization that the society around him is rotten to the core. So he sets off in a crusade to even the balance between the poor and the rich and bring some justice to his corner of the world with only his excellent archery skills as a weapon, as a modern-day Robin Hood. Now, the background story the series shows about him being stranded on the island shows this very good. However, his monologues are not as thought-provoking, philosophizing or caustically cynical as they appear in the comic books. I will give the actor though another star because after watching the first couple episodes, he is honestly trying to improve his character and deliver his poorly-written lines in an Arrow-like manner. Kudos to you sir for actually caring! Secondly, alas the efforts of one person are overshadowed by the failures of the rest of the acting crew. Plastic dolls posing in shop windows have better acting skills than this lot. First and foremost is the annoying ex-girlfriend Laurel whatever-her-name who delivers her lines in the most crude way possible. I can see her thinking trying to remember what she's supposed to say or what emotion to show in her face. It's like watching a baboon school play. The writing of her character doesn't help either. We are supposed to accept that AFTER 5 YEARS she is still in love with the guy who cheated on her WITH HER FRIGGIN SISTER, and who is responsible for her death? And how about his mother that apparently killed her husband, but threatens to raise hell if a hair of one of her family is even touched.

And then we come to the third and most crucial failing of this series. This is supposed to be a series about a superhero. I don't care at all about the sex life of his ex-girlfriend, I don't care about the sister's drinking problem, I don't care about the social life of anyone. Partly, because they fail as characters, but mostly because this is a series about a SUPERHERO. This isn't the Days of Our Lives, or Sex & The City. I'm not expecting to watch romantic crap about women on their period. I'm expecting to watch a superhero kick ass, bring justice to the wicked and perform some general pwnage. Don't get me wrong, I can understand showing how his actions to hide his alter ego affect those around him and how in turn he is affected himself, I like to see some inner conflict in my super heroes. What I don't like is the Green Arrow being a supporting actor in his own series. An average episode goes about 40 minutes and 30 of those are spent showing us uninteresting flirting between his friends and family, then the Green Arrow steps in the room and says he has to go (to fight bad guys) but instead of following him, we are stuck for another 4-5 minutes to witness the constant crying of his friends and family of how he never spends time with them.

I DON'T CARE!!!! Seriously, imagine watching a series about Batman, that all it does is show Catwoman talk to her girlfriends about how she is in love with a really cute guy called Clark Kent (yes Clark Kent, that's how messed up Arrow is).

A terrible effort and an outright insult, don't waste your time, at least for now.

It's still pretty early in the production (only 6 episodes so far) and as I said the plot seems interesting. Perhaps the CW network will come around to realizing how much more they could do with this series and improve it later on in the season. One can only hope.