I had never seen an episode of this series before using it as a night light several weeks ago. I was going through a bout of insomnia and had one ear open for the audio. It became clear within the first minute of the show that the writers had attempted to imitate the classic-movie references in NCIS by having the narrator/star quote lines from poetry, and later in the episode lines from some novel. Then, as I couldn't help getting up and watching as well as listening to the horrid scenes, the ripoff was even more evident as there was the blond incarnation of NCIS' lab genius -- comic hair, makeup, and clothing and manner of speech and attraction to the lead male character and more! After that shock, I simply had to watch for a few minutes to try to understand how this less than poorly- written and cast and directed series could have lasted more than five seasons. There is no humanly logical reason! The characters never crack a smile, they speak in monotonic reading style, with not even time for a breath between characters' dialogue. First there is a question as to what happened in a crime scene, then, without pause to ponder, another character comes up with the solution, and, again without pause, another character adds (with conviction) other details to the solution, and on and on.

It must be tiring for the lead male actor to be so boring and so solemn throughout taping. Then there is the character who is supposed to have multiple doctorates in courses no one has ever heard of. Why, for pity's sake, would anyone who is not addicted to the classroom ever want so many degrees? Study many subjects, yes; but get degrees? And to top that, work for a government agency? Truly unbelievable. I guess that was a ripoff of NUMBERS.

Can't stand even to listen to this show in my sleep! Guess I will have to tune to some all-night commercials; but if I ever again hear that spooky blond woman, who pretends to be a bombshell, that governmental agency will have to come get me and take me to a loony bin!