So this show is no longer about FBI CSI stuff but more about intriguing little spy stories about Prentiss or some heart-aching skits about each star's private history. By the way, this WAS my favorite show. Mandy Patinkin added so much depth to the show and almost seemed like 'the grown-up' in the room. I kind of thought 'Hotch' would assume that roll after Mandy mysteriously bailed. I guess he wasn't old enough or something – so the show brings in Joe Mantegna. Once I saw his name I just knew there was hope and the program would not skip a beat. It seemed the producers or directors were skillfully plugging a hole. Gideon was gone but there was a skilled veteran to replace him. Additionally, someone was there to corral the children and keep their over-grown egos from clashing. Was I ever wrong? I really thought a man of Mr. Mantegna's caliber and stature could have really moved the show forward. Apply some of that old commonsensical writing and some skilled directorial leadership – the show might have even been better. That is how much faith I had in how they might use Joe Mantegna. Silly wabbit – common sense is not for Hollywood. Talk about tossing a talented, skilled and – most of all – interesting actor under a bus. The powers-to-be relegate him to some subservient roll because he has been out-of-the-mix too long. It almost felt like they were saying, 'You are too old – so you are stupid.' What an insult to this man. And of course with this approach, we opened a couple of seasons that had nothing to do with good police work. Everyone needed their piece of the overacting pie! The show tried making a few 'super – cops' (puke – vomit!) sorry Greenberg &Hantz – I don't mean to insult you; we needed foreign spy intrigue (double agent vomit!) and of course we had to elevate criminals (hackers) to agents. We now have a senior agent (Joe Mantegna) whose character is painted as being too out of date and too old and – well – just too stupid. Well that is enough of my whining about Mr. Mantegna – I am over it. I just hope he finds something on the big screen – I enjoy his acting. It almost seems that the show lacks direction or has too many competing egos for center stage. Derek has chilled out some and is back to being a believable character – sometimes dealing with being a bit of a hot-head – but it is dealt with and not expected. We know Prentiss was killed and arose from the dead; JJ was fired and now she is un-fired and the hacker-and-criminal herself – 'Baby Girl' is now an agent. Sheesh – talk about the need for a huge, 'I Believe Button' installed on my forehead. The FBI is pretty straight-laced and very serious. Think! Would you want someone who jumps at the sight of her own shadow covering your back? What would you say? "Shaky Gurl! Put down the perp!!!". The only things Baby Girl has down well are being THE victim, whining and complaining. In all honesty, ever since they moved her on as a 'real' part of the team – she has improved – but remembering her from past episodes just makes her present on screen an annoyance. OK, time to erase the negativity. There are parts of a show's formula that should never be changed. The sad thing too much has been changed. I am happy to see that Reed has not become too un-quirky; Derek is beginning to return to the world or reality and Hotch is still a drab but interesting character (no distractions from the crime). In my book, there is not enough left of this show to salvage. I understand many still watch this show and enjoy it. I do not like change and that is probably my biggest gripe. The original cast (many are still there), I truly liked – but now. Well how it seems like, for the most part, have become camera hogs and scene steelers.