Being a huge Sherlock Holmes fan since my early childhood and having read the whole Sherlock Holmes collection,I thought to myself how better can a BBC TV series be after a super stylish, tight film by Guy Ritchie? Well, surprise surprise! Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat catch me thinking on the wrong foot. While Arthur Conan Doyle's Holmes would have been over a hundred years old now, this Sherlock Holmes is young, even in 2010! Sherlock is an adaptation of Doyle's works in the 21st century and a good adaptation indeed. Bennedict Cumberbatch stars as Sherlock Holmes, a charismatic, highly functional,laconic consultant detective, a job that he claims, is created and performed by him alone. While Holmes shines in his new character, a guy who prefers to text (SMS) rather than make calls, the character of Dr. Watson, an ex-army doctor and Holmes' room-mate and side-kick, who writes a blog about the adventures of Sherlock Holmes, fails to impress. Not only is Dr. Watson's character underwritten, but he also misses the acumen and efficacy of the original character by Doyle, despite an earnest performance by Martin Freeman.

Sherlock makes a good impression right from the moment he is introduced to Dr. Watson and the audiences, and their first conversation is as impressive as in the original work, but Watson and Holmes lack the chemistry that Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law were able to create on-screen in the Guy Ritchie feature. Cumberbatch delivers an remarkable performance and shows deep understanding of the character, and even the other actors portraying Mrs. Hudson and Detective Inspector Lestrade also deliver honest performances, true in some aspects to the original characters, yet very different (esp. in the case of DI Lestrade). The three episode season 1 of the show ends with Holmes coming face-to-face with his biggest enemy, Prof. Moriarty and is left open ended to leave the audiences thirsty for the next season scheduled to premier sometime in 2012.

All in all, Sherlock is a must-watch; a one of a kind series that takes TV detective shows to a whole new level!