First of all Sherlock IS great TV, I have enjoyed it immensely and at it's best it is captivating as only the best shows are, however nothing is perfect, well maybe Firefly was on occasion and there are a few things that in my humble television watching opinion don't ring true.

The writing and filming - while good it is not in the great, there are a few too many clunky lines, plot motifs and contemporary visual gimmicks, they won't date well, also Gatiss is a little too campy in his writing for my taste, but it's hard to criticise his reverence and love for the material but it can feel very light and contrived.

The acting - This is going to sound like a rant, it's not meant to be, this is some wishful thinking on my part that would make Sherlock better than it already is. Cumberbatch is special, Freeman is NOT, I'm astounded by his woodenness, don't say it's underplaying, it's not. I had not been impressed by Jude Law's acting ability but the chemistry between Law and Downey as Watson and Holmes has been plain to see. Freeman is the major weak link in this TV production and at times he is unbearable to watch, it is testament to other cast members that it's not ruined by Freeman's performance, he just does not have the acting chops, what a lucky bugger that he is to be a likable every-man type, he must also have an amazing agent.

Una Stubbs - miscast, another likable actress, but far too light and nice for the role, there is very little of the depth and playfulness that could be there in the relationship between her and Holmes.

Rupert Graves - Again the conviction is not quite there, Graves was fantastic in Wallander, not here, why? Lestrade should be a key support role, but he feels very bland, maybe the police stereotypes are just too dull and numerous and the script does not allow for any more.

Supporting acting, there has been some great supporting acting notably from Loo Brealey, Zoe Telford and Lara Pulver, but there is also some acting that is not up to the same standard and therefore jars when mixed in with convincing performances. Mark Gatiss, Vinette Robinson are not strong and the wider supporting casting is sub par with perhaps a little too much latitude to young fresh talent rather than those who have trodden the boards for some time.

Andrew Scotts performance I feel sits somewhere in the middle with Graves, a good actor with some clunky dialogue opposite a very great actor, Cumberbatch.

Sherlock has almost unbreakable subject matter, only the worst Holmes productions are stinkers, how could they fail to have a hit, how much better it could be though!