Speaking of the inspired and the inspiring 'A study in Pink' is a remarkable and riveting episode of 'Sherlock', bundled with loads of drama, wry humor and some very excellent performances. Sherlock Holmes- the name conjures up images of the quite eccentrically brilliant detective thinking deeply in the haze of the cigarette smoke, stringing his violin or in a perfectly determined posture, with all the molecules in his body concentrated at a single point, his eyes burning brightly with anticipation. You read or watch him once; he becomes an obsession for a lifetime. Steven Moffat's take on Sherlock Holmes lives up to the original 'Study in Scarlet' written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. He has indeed managed to transform a Mr. Holmes of the late 19th century to quite the modern settings of the bustling, gas-guzzling and gadget-gorging world. More so is the tremendous acting by Benedict Cumberbatch, he indeed imbibes Holmes well. The story begins with a troubled Dr. Watson who has recently returned from a war in Afghanistan with a shot in the shoulder. Living on the British pension, his condition is in dire straits. Through a common friend, he meets Sherlock Holmes, who in the first meet itself has quite an effect on the impressionable Watson. They decide to share the lodgings. But when you live with Sherlock Holmes, how come would your life be without a bit of mystery and a dash of adventure? Soon Watson finds himself embroiled in a crime scene investigation and discovers that his life is fraught with risks as he is kidnapped by a mysterious guy who calls himself 'the arch enemy of Sherlock Holmes'. As Alfred Hitchcock rightly said, "There is no terror in the bang, only in the anticipation of it," this movie also succeeds in building up the story quite well, but the end is a wee bit disappointing. But, I really got a refreshingly new flavor to taste. 'A study in Pink' indeed whets my appetite but by no means is this thirst completely satiated. In the days to come, I would be watching the other episodes of 'Sherlock' and I must say this indeed forms my staple diet as without it I won't quite be able to survive