Really? This is not a good show.

Some people may like it, may enjoy it... it can be entertaining sometimes, but it's far away from being a good show.

It all starts from the fact that it is a very bad copy of Damages (2007- 2012) which its first and last season were amazing. Except quality, Murder has all the elements that made Damages a very interesting thing at that time. Put Annalise in Patty's role, divide Ellen Parsons into peaces then you have Annalise's five protégées. Maintain a main crime as a background element on the story, put some personal dramas and... boom. Even the flashback and flashfoward storytelling is the same.

But in Murder the quality is very poor. A classic ABC pattern to attract as much audience as they can. It's a very adult story, but constructed to attract young adults around the globe when filling the show with young actors, superficial story, dynamic edition, sex and modern pop music. By the way, the soundtrack is very invasive, playing all the time to distract people of flaws.

Annalise is a very interesting character, and Viola knows how to do it perfectly, but the actress is bigger than the show and sometimes seems that she is misplaced there because everything else does not have the same level of quality. Also, the character development may seems frustrating and sometimes you cannot believe that she is crying in the corner/bed/table/dark again. And it gets boring because every time she turns, her eyes are red and teared and then you think "HERE SHE GOES AGAIN". Get over it, Annalise!

Then you have the story itself, which is one of the worst things.

A bunch of future criminal lawyers face a self defense crime scene. 5 people that would have problems to testify that but they could surely prove their innocence during 13 episodes. But instead, they prefer burn the body, rip it into peaces and trash it, and from a self defense crime, it comes to be a nonsense premeditated murder scene. That is insanely awful. Then you have Annalise that freaks out when she discovers that her husband was having an affair. She judges his moral attitudes forgetting that in the very first episode she was having an affair too. Then she suffers with the loss of her husband, but she also decides to help the five students.

The entire development is so poor and confusing that it's hard to believe that people are claiming it an amazing show. If you watch Damages you can check that even its worst seasons can be better than Murder.