It started out interesting. I don't know about law, and I really didn't care whether it was realistic or not; so the first 3 episodes were enjoyable. I have seen many reviews here against the homosexual scenes; actually I liked that alternative-sexuality touch in the show; for a change the world can see heterosexuals doing it, and gays too. (in a rated version for TV of course). Many reviewers were against seeing homosexuals on TV, well, grow up and update your mentality because now and in the future it is fine to see that. Like anything else on TV, just because someone does it in a show, doesn't mean you as viewer have to do the same thing. I mean, homosexuals has been around since the beginning of times and gays have survived Hollywood even though they have seen enough straight sex scenes, so I am sure straight people will do just fine when watching these kind of scenes. So I enjoyed the sex scenes, but after episode 4 the plot and characters went downhill. Spoiler alert: Why would Annalise want to represent a junkie/dealer girl who wants to be in jail so bad? Does Annalise want to end her career soon? Then Annalise also has the hots for this weak character Wes, who just comes across as a foolish/over ethical kind of guy until in later episodes - when the director just decided it would be like that - Wes goes bipolar and starts doing all the wrong. As if in real life people changed that drastically from one hour to the next. The moment when I really wished all the characters were death is in the 8 or 9 episode when all these wannabe lawyers kill Sam, in Sam's house, after the junkie/dealer broke into Sam's house, illegally took information from Sams computer, then all the wannabe lawyers went ahead to back up the junkie/dealer girl... and Sam ends up dead because of that. At that point many things were incriminating Sam, but no one of these lawyers had real proof about Sam being guilty. To be honest, the soft sex scenes and the alternative characters straight and gay are what made me keep watching the show. I would say Asher and Connor are my favorite characters (except Connor when he acts like a whining baby)