This is not really a series or even a mini series. It's almost more like those Mexican Tela Novellas or a hybrid of sorts. It ended a few weeks ago and I guess that's it. To bad, although I appreciate the concept. I always thought Mexico had the right idea of completing a story line rather than letting it go on until people a just sick of it and don't watch it anymore (Greys Anatomy). It's nice to see a show be sent off with a bang like Breaking Bad. Although you are going to miss them, you enjoyed them so much to the end. I certainly did with Fargo. It was really well written and kept me enthralled the whole time. Everyone was stellar in it, especially Billy Bob Thornton. Man, his character was crazy and tough and ruthless and just an asshole, but you kind of like him in a way. I love the line where he says, "Strange is finding a human ear in a shoe". The scene where he kills everyone in that building was really well shot from the outside of the building all in one camera shot which meant that Thornton had to climb all those stairs to get to the window that blow out and you see him through it. Watch the show and you will see what I mean. I mean it, watch the show! Seriously, you don't know what you're missing. It's very slightly similar to the movie in that a lot of the characters are the same, but they changed a lot of it, so if you've sent he movie, you will still be surprised. Thornton plays what I think is a hit man or bounty hunter of something, but he is a pure sociopath that's for sure. He just seems to mess with people and get them killed. I know he does this for money though. He meets up with Lester Nigaard played by, who does a very good northern American accent. Everyone's accent is fantastic, especially Thornton. He does a few accents in it. Lester gets into some trouble and works his way out of it very cleverly. I don't want to give too much away. There are some great characters in it. There are two other hit men (I guess) looking for Malvo. One is deaf and the other is played by, who had to learn sign language to communicate with the deaf actor, who plays his partner in crime. Some of the things they get away with in show are surprising for basic cable TV, it's pretty edgy. Try to catch re-runs or streaming somewhere. You will be happy you did.