For the second year in a row Fargo has managed to raise the bar for modern Television. It is hard to compare both season due to the differences of the underlying plots and characters, however the overall storytelling, the acting, the dialogues and the deeply ingrained satire on the nature of the human actions still remains, and moreover flourishes even more as the show continues.

While Season One had clear parallels to the original Coen brothers movie 'Fargo', Season Two takes those parallels into a glorious new level. It feels like the viewer is thrown into a world where various characters from various Coen brother movies exist and interact; and they do so with the same 'Coenesque' dark humor and wit, incredibly thought provoking dialogues and subtle yet hilarious references to the absurdity of the times.

To name a few, we have Rye Gerhardt who resembles Jerry Lundegaard from the original Fargo; Zach McClarnon as Hanzee is terrifyingly similar to Javier Bardem's Anton in 'No Country for Old Men' while Kirsten Dunst's Peggy is at times a comical yet striking copy of Edwina from 'Raising Arisona'. 

These vivid characters are coupled with songs from Bob Dylan, Kenny Rodgers and T Bone Burnett to name a few, presenting different, more tuned to the 80's, versions of songs then the ones we are so used to from the Coen brother films; the UFO might be a reminiscent nod to the surrealism of the times seen in 'The Man Who Wasn't There' while the scene with Bear and Dod's daughter in the woods is as emotionally heavy and daunting as the infamous scene in Miller's Crossing.

Somehow in his writing, Noah Hawley has managed to stay true to all these characters and entangle them in a story that is full of violence, noir-like plot twists and dark humor, but the one that still retains it's sentimentality. It is a rare instance where the story, the characters, and the dialogues are so deeply ingraining that one can't stop watching and demanding for more. 

While the performances, the '80's-feel' settings and the editing in Fargo are all absolutely outstanding, the show's strength lies in it's storytelling. Second Season's plot is a little more complicated, introducing the viewer to a larger volume of interlocking characters in an even more intricate setting. Yet, in the hands of the same writer, we receive a story that in the best possible way feels similarly to Season One, yet adds another layer of glorious complexity. This in turn gives room for plot twists that will make episodes pass in split seconds while leaving the viewer craving for more. 

Fargo in its essence is a dark, psychological, satirical thriller that examines the nature of human actions while leaving the reasons up for debate. It is truly the best of it's kind.