-edit- I've watched this anthology twice now, and my review requires some modifications. It takes some time to get used to 'the new Jerry Lundegaard', Lester Nygaard, played by Martin Freeman, but episode one takes off at breakneck speed, so I had to make do. As much as Freeman can not touch William H. Macy, and this series can not touch the original 'Fargo', it still has a lot going for it.

Lorne Malvo is a terrific baddie, coming off as a northern interpretation of Anton Chigurh (you know, that Coen baddie from 'No country for old men'), and Billy Bob Thornton does a class A job. I didn't álways care for Malvo's (apparent, until the end, that is) indestructibility and his (quasi) philosophical rants, but he was morbidly funny or eerily intense most of the time.

Martin Freeman took some getting used as I said before, but his character transformation was quite unique and intriguing to watch. 'The new Margie' and Gus Grimly formed a good couple, it was great seeing Keith Carradine again (after his unjustly demise in 'Dexter'), Oliver Platt has a great part here and there are plenty of other, smaller roles that are striking (Don Chumph!). 

The story of 'Fargo' is pretty unique, with a leading character doing quite the 'counter-transformation'. Those two FBI-guys weren't all that interesting though - and how they all came by Lou's diner at the same time, was a little far-fetched, as were a few other developments, such as Lester going in and out the hospital (let alone him being in the same room with an unconscious man with his head in bandages...) without much trouble.

The obvious 'rehash' scenes from the original 'Fargo' felt quite surreal, but also unique and - ultimately - satisfactory. I'm not sure they should have used the same title and (at times) soundtrack, but alas. Furthermore, there were some details here and there, that just didn't sit right. For instance, how was Gus Grimly able to just execute Lorne Malvo without any consequences (he even gets a medal for it!)? As much as it would seem justifiable on some level, that is just not a realistic outcome. On a dramatic level, it felt a bit awkward to have this responsible husband (who just told his pregnant wife how to do her job by playing on her feelings - again, justifiable on some level) go out to this almost non-human enemy without any backup... and why didn't he call her hands-free from the car? - that's not responsible at all! It would have been nice if they had shown Chazz finally being cleared, also. Details (and there are more), perhaps, but still.

Anyhoo, 'Fargo' (2014) still has lots to offer, of which Lester's 'learning curve', Malvo's manipulative manner and black sense of humour and the overall atmosphere (somewhere between funny, gruesome and endearing) are my favorite elements.

A good 8 out of 10 for now.

P.s.: what's will all the junk food?