I have only seen the entire season one which is a self contained story so my comments are restricted to that. * This does contain spoilers *

This is a nice piece of fiction even though there are some unfortunate glaring holes in the plot. But then this is Hollywood stuff and unfortunately the writers seem do this kind of thing constantly in fictional TV series. 

The acting for the most part is excellent most especially from wife killer Martin Freeman and Allison Tolman(who plays deputy Molly Solverson). The performances by these 2 were just superb and the show is well worth watching just to see these 2 in action. 

Instead of treating the audience as mindless zombies perhaps the writers could have been a great deal more realistic with their script. For example:

1. We are expected to believe a Duluth police officer would let a clearly suspicious person off the hook when he declined to provide his licence and registration papers while sitting in a stolen car and issuing threats to the officer. In reality the guy would have been ordered out of the car at gun point and told to lie on the ground while handcuffed and back up would probably have also been called in. In the real world armed Police tend not to let you go when you refuse to identify yourself and then physically threaten them.

2. The Lorne Malvo character is nothing but a contract fix it and contract killer but is given a false identity for one job as a Minister of religion. When captured by the Duluth police (and later released) the police check his story and identity. They make a few phone calls and then believe he is legitimate - a real Minister of a Church. Since his identity was completely fabricated this is just impossible to believe. 

3. Early in the story Lorne Malvo, who is a complete psychotic, kills the local police chief in Lester Nygaard's house and with Nygaard as a witness. But he does not kill Nygaard when Nygaard is still clearly a loose end. Contract killers like this character do not leave loose ends.

4. We are expected to believe that Lorne Malvo, psycho hit man, can masquerade as a dentist (and is shown actually working on patients) for 6 months while plotting on getting at and executing a person in witness protection. This is just beyond belief.

5. At the end of the story we are expected to believe that Nygaard would confront Malvo when he sees him in a Las Vegas hotel threatening to blow his cover in the presence of Malvo's girlfriend and work colleague whereas in reality he would have no reason to go anywhere near the guy. Of course we never see how a psycho hit man with zero friends can pull a hot looking young GF in the first place. Also quite unbelievable.

6. Then when Malvo has his cover threatened we are expected to believe he would kill his girlfriend, colleague and the colleagues wife in the lift whilst not immediately killing Nygaard at the same time when he is 2 feet away in the same lift and there are no witnesses. In reality he would have disposed of Nygaard at the same time as the other 3 as there was every reason to and no reason not to. So then we are treated to days of Malvo taking the risk of being identified while tracking down Nygaard in his home town to trying and kill him when he could have done away with him in 2 seconds in the Las Vegas lift.

I do not know why writers put scripts together with such obvious over the top flaws and expect it to look credible but that is Hollywood for you.

Then finally we have to endure the beginning of each episode with the captions that this is a "true story" with the events happening exactly as depicted in Minnesota in 2006. Maybe some viewers will actually believe this nonsense when in truth the entire show is a work of complete fiction. Once again, the writers and producers are trying to treat the audience as idiots.

Without its flawed script this show would be worth a 10/10 but as is it is only worth an 8.