First of all, i must say that "Fargo" is a very enjoyable TV series: with lots of style, drama, emotional moments, plot twists that surprise, and characters that show amazing depth and versatility. I guess for some of that we should thank the Coen brothers who created the original feature film and produced this TV series. But obviously this "Fargo" is beyond just mimicking its older namesake, it creates the whole new atmosphere, much more dense, dramatic, with an almost mystical sense of danger lurking just around the corner.

And while i believe that all these features are major traits of a great cinema, i couldn't help thinking that the new "Fargo" kinda tried to sit on two chairs at the same time.

One of the "chairs" is the comedic approach inherited from the Coens' "Fargo". In my opinion, almost all of the Coens' movies are comedies, although sometimes in a dark or metaphorical sense. No matter what happens on screen, you just feel light about it. I certainly felt when i watched the original "Fargo". It's all in the little details and whims that turn the otherwise ruthless and scary things into the funny ones: you just can't help smiling, so surreal and unbelievable is the stuff you see happening, that you just can't take it serious.

But at the same time the new "Fargo" tried to sit on another "chair". It decided to be real serious, in a very dark way. Enduing the main "villain", Lorne Malvo, with an almost infernal, out-of-this-world image. As if whoever crosses paths with him, no matter on what occasion, is doomed to take a suffering for it.

I also don't have any problem with dark movies with a mystic feeling. After all, i absolutely adored the first season of "True Detective" and consider it a gem of its genre. But that's the problem: the classic Coen'esque look and feel don't mix up good with such true dark stuff. I mean, of course we had No Country for Old Men, which had another infernal villain, Anton Chigurh, but that was quite an exception in Coens' filmography. It felt different. And its characters felt different, as if they realized what they are up to and were prepared to take it on.

The original "Fargo" was an another dish entirely. Characters looked as if they live in their small convenient world with no care about what's outside. Even the criminal dudes. And that light-heartedness is what could excuse any illogicalities in their behavior. People just tend to make mistakes when they aren't focused. And while in the original film it sometimes felt like a whimsical stupidity contest, giving the movie its funny twists and turns, in this TV series one of the sides was completely serious and unforgiving.

And that's exactly what bothered me the most. That it was a bit too convenient to place Lorne Malvo against those who can't get their sh@t together. A sheriff who ignores obvious evidence since he simply believes in people's best. A loser cop who finds the guy, finds where he lives and finds a competent person in the force who believes him - and yet decides to go investigate all by himself. A god-fearing merchant who stops his son one sentence from revealing a major piece of information that might affect his following actions. A desperate insurance salesman who chooses the most suspicious and stupid ways to lie about what happened, failing to create a believable story, but then all of a sudden becomes a covert ops specialist, escaping from under custody, stealing a car, framing his brother and returning back as if nothing happened. The framed brother who happens to have no goddamn alibi for the moment the crime he's accused of took place. A fitness instructor whose blackmail is uncovered by some pretty shady dude and who is forced to raise the stakes, but doesn't even think about coming clean or at least running away. Et cetera, et cetera. The list of foolish actions could be as long as the series itself.

So while the suspense of this TV series does feel genuine, the ways it's created are rather unnatural. Each one of them alone could be justified by the human nature and all. But all together, they create an image as if Darth Vader decided to storm an asylum for the demented, and we are expected to consider this a challenging mission and root for the dummies. Spoils the fun.