I watched both series back to back, Fargo I (F1) immediately followed by Fargo II (F2).

Do not expect realism; forget naturalism. In Season Two, the producers follow up the regional melodrama with an absurdist version.

The land plays a big part in F1. Wintry Minnesota becomes a character in itself. At the end it actually swallows up one of the villains. Every character can be placed in relation to every other character through his/her relation to the land.

In F2, the land recedes; the action could have been set anywhere. Ungrounded, the characters and their regional speech patterns border on quaint.

The thing is, these guys are interested less in people and consistency of character than in ideas and expressiveness. Accordingly, the writers have let their satirical and sardonic tendencies run wild and created a gallery of grotesques, an array of one-dimensional baroque and extravagant types who refuse to coalesce into a whole. Disconnected and alone, no one seems to be in the same picture as anyone else. 

Then, too, the vagaries of the script mean that often you are left as baffled and disoriented as the actors struggling to deliver the script's gnomic utterances.

Appropriately, the acting is all over the map. Jeffrey Donovan's unconvincing, and his accent seems half-way between Boston and Fargo. Bokeem Woodbine lacks depth. The bit with the lawyer standing off the lynch mob? Ridiculously stylized. I could go on. . .. Forced, unnatural, disconnected, uneven: these are the words that come to mind throughout -- deliberately, for expressive purposes.

Zahn McClarnon's Hanzee Dent is a special case. His is perhaps the most interesting character, because the most powerful and most mysterious.

Another source of the odd tone is the world of dreams and that's connected to Reagan's inability to relate to life except though film -- also a kind of dream. The two sleep-walkers played by Kirsten Dunst and Jesse Plemons satirize the American Dream,.

There's a lot of bloodshed in F1 and F2. but in F2, violence shorn of pity and terror by the creaky plot becomes almost cartoonish.

In the end, the positive characters, unlike Keith Carradine in F1, can barely maintain enough gravity to balance the farrago of stupidity and evil on display in Season Two.