Every now and then, amazingly, television can dish up something really worthwhile to watch.

For many years I thought that the best TV productions were those of the past (see "The Twilight Zone", "Star Trek", "Attack", "Bonanza", "Kojak", "Ironside", "M*A*S*H", just to name a few).

Yet, there are, to this day, some shows that really stand out from your usual ones. "The Blacklist" is one of them.

I don't know if it is for the massive presence of James Spader in the leading role (who never ceases to surprise me for his versatility as an actor, ever since he starred in "Stargate", to the more recent effort with William Shatner and Candice Bergen in "Boston Legal"), that impresses me in this latest product, but fact is, that the entire series so far (13 episodes) has started like a rocket and so far maintains its "true grit".

An original premise, interesting stories and a very natural acting makes this very commendable and highly worth watching.

It cannot compare to other shows of this kind, such as, for instance "N.C.I.S." or indeed "The X-Files" and "Fringe" (which are, at least for the last two, more Sci-Fi ventures, rather than being pure Investigative shows).

"The Blacklist" can, if ever, be compared to movies such as "The Bourne Identity", only that instead of the CIA, we have the FBI as the center of attention.

But make no mistake. This is not just a pure Action/Adventure series, although there are some components of this. It is a more subtle treatment, and facts are served in due time, with a dosage worth the best of meals being served in the more refined of restaurants.

In fact, every episode leaves you with a wish for more, like a second or third serving. And the more you "bite" into it, the more you are demanding. The series never disappoint on this point. Every single time it hits a nerve, a different theme and a different threat.

It is like having an Italian meal one day, Chinese the next, and perhaps Mexican the next.

It is very palatable.

According to what IMDb lists on its pages, "The Blacklist" will have another nine episodes to end Season One, followed by a full Second Season.

I really hope so. It is a delight to watch, and not just for James Spader, but also for the rest of the cast that keeps in step with him and works very well as a team.

If the writers keep up the good work, and the Networks will support it to the fullest, I am certain it will develop into something very special.