Yes the review is coming out after the Winter finale. My wife is a current FBI Special Agent and when the show kicked off we both watched intently, as she wanted to see if the portrayal was anywhere as close to accurate to the real deal. Such as Silence of the Lamb, which was shot on Quantico.

About half way through episode one, she was laughing pretty hysterically at the creative interpretation. While it was evident that they had a technical expertise or someone advising them on elements, the casting and internal plot lines while in Quantico were a bit too dramatized. Plus we both agreed they must have pulled the actors from Abercrombie Central Casting. 

So things which she claimed was true to her experience: Having to wear a fake gun everywhere. Coed Dorms, but not shared bathrooms. Physical requirements and educational rigor The diverse background of the class

Things that were not authentic: Age of "NAT" - realistically new agents are in there late 20s and early 30's. Most come from professional backgrounds. The attire/uniforms - they did not wear skin tight thermal T's. 5.11 pants and Polo's. No badges scene The high school drama and frat party environment. Plus many many other things....

Given this, she was a bit turned off and stopped watching the show. 

However, we ran out of shows to watch over the holiday break. Going through the DVR trying to find something to kill time, we rebooted this series. After powering through a few episodes, we found ourselves pretty engrossed in the series. The terrorist plot line was what got us watching again, we do like the mystery. She still laughs through parts of the episodes and indicates parts that are somewhat realistic to those that are so not true or believable.

She is concerned that the public may actually believe some of the more dramatized portrayals are close to reality. Specifically the covert observations with warrants and the harsh interrogation techniques. But alas this is a Hollywood show and not a documentary. So we're hooked for this season at least.