This show is about the life of Pablo Escobar, one of the biggest and richest drug lord to have ever lived, during his height of power. And the struggle to take him down.

This is a well developed show. Love the cinematography and how it captures the beauty of Colombia. The pilot immediately reeled me into the world of Escobar and the series didn't let go until the season was over. The show doesn't glorify him or sugar coat things. It shows him how he was, ruthless, brutal and a family guy, and at the same time shows the law enforcement side of the story too, which is always the best way to go. It also delves in the effect of Escobar's stunts in politics and on the country. This made it feel really similar to The Wire, not on the same level of course. 

The show is narrated by one of the main character, which also gives it the feel of good old crime drama like Goodfellas. And it also helps the audience into knowing tons of background information in little amount of time so the show can focus on important parts of Escobar's life. The show also often throws in real recorded footage of events happening in the show, which makes it feel more realistic and authentic/documentary-ish. Also, the native language, Spanish, is spoken majority of the time and English only comes up when needed, which further increases the realistic feel.

The casting choices are excellent. Not only is the acting great across the board, many of the actors look similar to the people they're portraying. Wagner Moura, who plays Escobar, is brilliant. His first scene in the series perfectly conveys who we will be experiencing in the coming episodes and is probably my favourite scene in the whole series. 

What I didn't liked about this show was that how they brushed past his rise to fame in just the pilot, which I was really looking forward to seeing pan out slowly. I would have been fine by this choice if the show was a miniseries but its not. Would have been great if the first season focused more on the rise of his empire because the pacing did get slow in the later episodes. Also, the characters, even though well acted, aren't really that likable. I mean I like some of them but not as much as I would like too in a show like this. This includes Escobar too. And because of this, many situations don't really give the level of tension I'd hope they'd give. 

Still, it is a great show and I can't wait for the second season. Netflix has the potential to become the next HBO. 

8.5/10