After the recent "masterpiece" starring Robert Downey Jr and Jude Law, and learning that this was a "modernized" version of the classics, I was indeed very skeptical about the new series. It was, I think, the second time I was completely mistaken (the first time was when I started watching Prison Break upon my friends' insistence).

I have never actually been an absolute fan of Sherlock Holmes stories, but I really like and respect this character deeply - none of other famous literary investigators managed to gain such a great sympathy from me. Having watched quite a few film versions, the only one I really liked until today was the Russian series, with Vasiliy Livanov as Holmes and Vitaliy Solomin as Watson - there should be a version translated into English, and I strongly recommend that you watch it, as it's the most true to the books, although might have culture-related faults as a non-British production.

After watching "A Study in Pink", the first episode of the new "Sherlock" series, I suspect that I've a new favourite. I think the greatest advantage of the new production is the addition of clever humour - the famous British one you hear so much about. It makes the series incredible fun to watch - I can't remember laughing so much over a film so far.

The leading actor, Benedict Cumberbatch, was a very good choice - he is able to make his character clever, enigmatic, ... immoral but at the same time full of charisma. I'm not yet so sure about the actor playing John Watson. DI Lestrade (is his name supposed to be pronounced le'stra:d ?) looked stupid enough, as he should, but not funny at all. And Mrs. Hudson was a complete miss.

The plot was unfortunately not strong enough. But you can't usually have everything, so let's just say the fun has compensated it so far.

I absolutely loved the re-worked references to the original story: Holmes's deductions about Watson's background (Afghanistan or Iraq :D), the mobile phone story, Mycroft (although the actor did a bad job here), etc. But there were some exaggerated moments, which were a bit irritating: one could get an impression that people in London eat/sleep/etc. without putting their mobile phone away. Besides, it wasn't funny at all, when Sherlock made a dramatic note about the "vacant faces" around him ... for the second time.

My sister was also a bit uneasy about the first-name terms ("Sherlock", "John"), but looking at Cumberbatch, I indeed saw Sherlock, not Holmes, and the best part is - that's not a bad thing here at all! All in all, I could say it in one sentence, already given by another reviewer here: I constantly refer to IMDb, but this was the first film that made me actually register on the site! :D

P.S. One other factor for my liking it, was the actual sense of London - one of my favourite cities.