I am not a fan of British television (too dreary and depressing for my liking) and do not watch much produced by the BBC other than the news so I was fully prepared to dislike this show. In fact, I only watched it because my interest in Sherlock Holmes had been kindled by the 2009 Robert Downey Junior film. So, I was astonished to find myself enthralled by this show from the moment the first episode opened.

'Sherlock' is not yet another tedious adaptation of the Arthur Conan Doyle novels but instead updates the characters all together and sets them in 2010 London while still retaining the traits and personalities that make them the characters we know and love. It could so easily have descended into a mess were things not handled so well that the audience is left wondering what Holmes ever did without a mobile phone and laptop! Purists needn't fear though because although this is 21st century London with all the technology that goes with it, Holmes and Watson are still very much themselves.

Benedict Cumberbatch, as Sherlock Holmes, does an excellent job portraying this almost dark, pragmatic character who can be infuriating one minute yet likable the next. He perfectly nails down the obsessive nature so inherent to the character as well as his hidden empathy (I firmly that Holmes is not a sociopath and he does want to do good even if he doesn't openly show it). And Martin Freeman is a perfect Doctor John Watson, depicting him not as some meek little sidekick but very much an equal to Holmes. Watson's loyalty to Holmes is evident from the start as we see their friendship develop but he is no pushover in the slightest when we see numerous scenes of how he too can be pragmatic and strong-willed. Other characters are portrayed just as well, including Inspector Lestrade, Mrs Hudson and Holmes' elder brother Mycroft. We also have the introduction of Lestrade's colleagues, who are at odds with Holmes' way as one would expect of 21st century police officers being shown up!

This show definitely is becoming a firm favourite of mine and I'm glad to see the extortionate licence fee finally being put to use to produce something that can rival American imports that have, for years, been far superior to British television. I certainly hope the BBC will be airing more episodes than the three mini-films shown over the summer and highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys Sherlock Holmes and/or crime dramas.