Simply some of the best television that you will ever see.

A stylish and clever updating of the Sherlock Holmes plots with a crisp, modern edge.

Some elements have been borrowed form other "TV classics" and you wonder as each episode starts whether this week will be the "Harry Potter" week or the "Dr Who" week but there is enough originality (in each of the first nine episodes at least) to forgive this and sometimes it really enhances the show for example with the Stanley Kubrick Clockwork Orange treatment with Moriarty in the Crown Jewels scene.

A very good cast with Benedict Cumberbatch as Holmes probably at his peak (also catch him as Steven Hawking in "Hawking" for another astonishing performance) and Martin Freeman who can sometimes be a bit "hit or miss" is definitely firing on all cylinders as Doctor Watson.

Clever updating of Holmes' addiction, questions over the true "relationship" between Holmes and Watson and the "Deerstalker" plus production elements such as the overlaying of text to point out the clues add to the mix to make this a real quality show.

Sadly only three episodes are made in each series but it is clear to see why given how much skill and effort has clearly gone in to make this series. The end product however is what all shows should aspire to!

The gorgeous Una Stubbs and Rupert Graves also provide first-class support and why on earth the latter is not a huge Hollywood heart-throb by now heaven only knows! I also pondered on the question as to why given her huge variety of real top-quality (and usually underplayed) performances over the years why we are not referring to the former as Dame Una! 

Remember this is the same actress who was with Cliff Richard in Summer Holiday, Aunt Sally in Worzel Gummidge and entertained us with a show about the game of charades (CHARADES!!) for nearly ten years as well as the long-suffering daughter of Johnny Speight's classic 'Til Death us do part! Kids will also know her as Miss Bat in the Worst Witch. Over 50 years of appearing on our screens has not dimmed her performances and which in this is as good as ever. I think we would all like a landlady/housekeeper like Mrs Hudson!

Series' writer Mark Gattiss plays Sherlock's brother Mycroft well but in my opinion would have been better cast as Moriarty as for me Andrew Scott has yet to totally convince me but this is just a very very minor criticism and certainly does nothing to detract from the whole.

Every episode contains at least one or two other very good actors and if you have not watched it yet, I would urge you to do so.

Obviously it is a bit of cliché to say so but this REALLY IS the kind of TV for which we pay our Licence!

Top Stuff.