I t can be incredibly difficult to represent such an old and well know character in a new way. But as always Steven Moffat has wrote an outstanding T.V. Programme.

Starting off with Dr Watson returning from Afghanistan Moffat's and Gattis's take on a study in scarlet, by Arthur Conan Doyle, can only be described as incredible. Taking such a modern setting for such a classic film was always going to be a risk, but it was most definitely one worth taking. With in the first few minutes switching back and forth, through action scenes of battle and melancholy scenes of Dr Watson, the production already sets a very different tone to what many people we're expecting.

By the end of the titles you already know that this is not a period production but a modern crime scene drama. It would seem impossible to produce such a modern take on a classic book and stay true to its origins but without a doubt, as many will probably agree, throughout the entire episode the storyline remains true to its material.

Throughout the entire of the episode outstanding effects are used especially at the start in the police conference, building up to Sherlock's appearance, where each time people receive a text the message appears on screen allowing viewers to see some of what characters see.

It would be wrong to talk about the characters with out giving some applause to the director Paul McGuigan who's use of the law of thirds gives the whole episode an amazing effect.

Moving on to the main characters and undoubtedly the performances of both Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman are unbelievable. Mastering the script for this version of Sherlock must be an incredibly hard challenge especially when it comes to points at which Cumberbatch's character Sherlock speaks at lightning speed. However I do not think they could have chosen better actors to play the part.

The way in which Sherlock is portrayed as a character is too outstanding for he is shown in a way where when to see him for the first time you are positive that it is sherlock with out a need for anyone to inform you.

However, the whole episode would have been noting without the script. Steven Moffat, as always, ceases to fail when it comes to the script. His writing is most certainly commendable. Most known for writing the script of Doctor who and Tin Tin once again he has not failed to impress. I am most definitely positive that he is one of the greatest script writers of our time and maybe past times too.

It is not to be ignored the uses of on screen text I especially enjoyed the chase scene at which a map appears on screen and shows Sherlock planing a shorter route.

Over all this episode of Shelock was truly outstanding and true to its material it is most definitely a commendably show and I eagerly await the next episode to once more admire the genius of which is Steven Moffat's writing and Paul McGuigan's directing. For those who have seen it you will most definitely agree that, not only is it a work of genius, it is truly entertaining and for those who still yet have to see it you will not want to miss a single second not even to make a nice hot cocoa.