Sherlock TV series sets the bar for all Sherlock Holmes adaptions. Past, present, and future. 

Season one was very good. season 2 was INCREDIBLE! I am going to go insane waiting for season 3. I thought Showtimes Dexter, was captivating and fun, but this show is a vortex of drama, mystery and action. 

I don't think many people take notice of this, but from the first episode I fell in love with the directors vision and the cinematography. Every shot is a masterpiece. There are so few television shows that have inspired and thoughtful direction of scenes. 

Great acting, great directing, great editing, great scenes, great everything! 

I am now watching all of the older sherlock Holmes movies and TV shows that have been made, and I am reading the original books; yeah, from way way back when. I want to see how well each movie series stacks up against the books. 

My base line for the series was the Movies with Robert Downey Jr. The only reason why i watched this TV series was because I was hoping to find something that decently compared to the movie. I knew nothing of the books. 

Sherlock, the TV show does a better job at following the books than the Robert Downey Movies, at least from what i can tell. However, the movies only have two and half hours to get the story across, while the TV series had something like four times that amount. 

Sherlock the TV series did not waste a single minute of air time. Everything means something and something that means nothing, was already something that was meant. huh!

The series is so good, that i am now going to watch the movies with robert D. Jr. again, because I now have to see if those movies are capable of standing up to the Sherlock TV series. The bar is set, and it is high. Once I am done obsorbing all the Sherlock adaptations ever made, that are worth watching, I will have to review my rating. I have a feeling i may have rated this TV series too low. 

Must see TV, oh heck, must see if you have a brain and working eyeballs.