In my television experience, there is a moment in every show that will 'hook me'. I am not just talking about the pilot, I am talking about every episode of every show I watch. This moment is the reason I continue to watch the show week after week. When a program loses that 'hook' it is time to move on. My 'hook' in The Blacklist was unexpected and thus amazing. It takes a lot to surprise me, but the moment Agent Keen walked into Reddington's hotel room and pushed a pen into his carotid artery I was in. The very simple but unexpected play by the writers won me over. The premise of The Blacklist is simple. Reddington is a master criminal and traitor. He arrives with a list of other master criminals. He tells the CIA he will help them catch all of these criminals. There is of course one stipulation. He will only work with Agent Elizabeth "Lizzy" Keen. The new drama has a few things going for it right off the bat. The first being James Spader. The man, the actor, has successfully mastered his craft, repeatedly re-materializing as a new character every few years. His biography is impressive in the simple impact of key characters he has created through the years. The other advantage is the introduction of a new face to television. Megan Boone plays our protagonist Elizabeth "Lizzy" Keen. Megan's resume as an actress is short, making her an unknown to the viewing audience. This is an advantage as we will not associate her with any typecasting. The show is shot like a movie, which is to be expected given the director, Joe Carnahan, is known for movie titles like, The Grey, The A- Team and Smokin Aces. The Blacklist is off to a good start with twists in unexpected places, reactions and results I did not see coming. The writing thus far is solid. Spader and Boone have great chemistry. Questions are already surrounding the series, viewers are wondering about connections and the truth behind actions. The Hannibal Lecter style interrogations, and pseudo Alias back story make for compelling television. If you have not watched the pilot of The Blacklist I would highly recommend it. I am putting it to the three episode test, and to be honest I do not foresee it failing. It falls in line with other popular crime dramas, and will fill a void in the NBC schedule.