The Blacklist provides viewers with a thrilling roller-coaster ride, delivering unexpected plot twists shrouded in mystery. To compare this series, it would make the blockbuster list with shows like "24" and "Prison Break". The show is adventurous, suspenseful and does great job helping viewers invest in its characters. And while, the acting does fall short from phenomenal, the plot makes up for it. However, to say this show is sensational may be over-exaggerating. 

Staying true to the root of TV Crime Dramas, this series follows the journey of Elizabeth Keen (Megan Boone); an FBI Agent specialized in the art of profiling. Our protagonist, Agent Keen, finds herself in a rather unusual situation when she is transferred into a specialized tactical unit to work with world's most wanted criminal, Raymond Reddington (a.k.a James Spader). A new graduate fresh out of Quantico, Agent Keen's work life and personal life is soon turned upside down by her new found assignment.

Tah-Dah!

The summary above probably sounds generic and familiar like something you have watched before, because most likely you have. Like most shows with deep plots, you have to a watch a few episodes of the season to really become invested. When I first heard the hype behind "The Blacklist" I was excited to give it a shot, but was sadly disappointed after the pilot episode. It wasn't because the show didn't have potential, but rather it wasn't anything new. TV crime dramas are thriving in the entertainment industry and as a result they can be rather cliché. For example, everyone is an expert marksman, things blow up and there is a criminal on the loose that needs to be caught! After my first attempt to watch the series, I gave up on episode two. I figured there were more entertaining TV series that I could watch. However, guilty of being an avid TV watcher, a few months later I decided to give The Blacklist another shot.

Giving the show another chance was a great decision, as I continued to watch the show I found myself being lured into every aspect of the plot. James Spader and Megan Boone both do an excellent job in portraying an odd, but rather intriguing partnership in this series. While this is not the best series ever created in the entire world, I would strongly recommend!