When this show aired its pilot episode on NBC, I happened to come along to it by accident. The very first scenes begin by a woman, Elizabeth Keene, preparing for her first day working for the FBI. But then the FBI comes to her. They pick her up with an overhead helicopter and guys in suits and bullet-proof vests, the whole shebang. So right in the first ten minutes, I was already asking questions. The episode introduces Raymond Reddington as a fugitive and one of the most wanted men in the country. He turns himself in to the FBI. He then demands that he won't talk to anyone else but newbie, Elizabeth Keene. The following episodes introduce Elizabeth's husband who was almost killed by one of her suspects. She finds some artifacts like fake ID's and passports belonging to him. She starts to question who her husband really is. This is a baseline for their relationship and to what is to come in the future for them. The series show the two-some (Keene and Reddington) taking down several more of America's most wanted. Each suspect is different. Every show that I have viewed has left me speechless and gasping for air. As I am shocked at the pure genius in the creative ideas of the show's director and producer. The show has quickly become something that I spend my free time watching. Monday nights have just gotten better. One of the best parts for me is that it is a show that is not your usual cop show. In the Blacklist, a wanted man makes his own list of people to hunt down, and he gets the FBI's help to do it. I have a sneaking suspicion that Raymond Reddington is going to end up being Elizabeth Keene's father. She hasn't ever met her father and has no known connection with Reddington. Yet he knows everything about her. It is creepy, yes. But it is also a back story to the whole show. It keeps people watching to find out if their suspicions are true or not. The audience keeps coming back for more. One thing that I do not like about this show however is that it is only on once a week. And the end of the episodes always leave me hanging on the edge confused and stressed. But these are all things that I absolutely love about the show. It never bores me. I'm always tuned in and never miss a single episode. With other TV series that I have been particularly drawn to, I have always become disinterested within the first five episodes. Not with the Blacklist. I think I fell in love with this show because of all the little back stories that all interconnect in someway and somehow. There is always something more within the characters and the story. This show is just what I have been looking for. It takes risks and goes where no show has ever gone to before. It is my new favorite TV series, I am definitely hooked.