This show has great potential. It does have some week-spots like any new show starting out. It can become great or it can go trash very quickly. Right now its up to the producers and actors on the direction this show will take this opening season? It can stand to lose some of the mysterious "Soap Opera" styling and be more directly to the point like the NCIS shows. Also, each role should be defined within its boundaries. 

The best thing this show has going for it is its true star, James Spader. This guy is REAL DEAL! With out him this show wouldn't had made it into production. While he chose to sign up with this series is kind of a mystery to me, you can bet if this show improves its story lines, the success will be because of him. He is a brilliant actor and Blacklist is a perfect role for a mysterious actor such as him to be involved with. It's almost as if it is written exclusively with him being the lead actor in mind. I really hope some of his co-stars and writers step up and don't lay the survival of this series entirely on his back.

The setup has too many shot callers and no discipline in the scripted ranks of the players. Interpreted like this, the "FBI Director" (Harry Lennix) the "Team Director In- charge", doesn't appear to be "in-charge". His character is very weak and while in a lot of scenes, it appears his Agents continuously go off the reservation, even the "Tech support" Agent roles are making hard calls that are unbelievable. His role needs to show him as being more of a hard-ass, in-charge type than a character that seems to just go along with things. I think his role would be better if he said less and straight out directed the Agents under his charge with affirmative orders.

Then theirs the Leading ladle (Megan Boone) a professional and yet the shows writers treat her as an outsider, questioning her loyalties. Come on, you don't get that job in the REAL FBI by being constantly suspected as a possible traitor? She has to prove herself constantly over the same issues. She's got a badge and a gun for God's sake! She's IN! Let it go and lets move on already? And the premise of the"Secret" of her faithful loving husband? Close the chapter and move on already! I hope you can do that without losing viewers? Its going to be a tough sale! This isn't a Romantic Drama, Its ACTION THRILLER, 

The show has a fair actor lineup with the exception of the male agent (Diego Klattenhoff) charged with "Watching" the Girl agent (Megan Boone) This guy needs to take his acting down a few notches, relax, this isn't Homeland and yet its hard to ascertain the difference in characters between the two shows? His performance (Diego Klattenhoff) is not real convincing. His role can be seen through. A method actor he is not. i mean we get it, he's Intense and don't trust the Ladle and is a poor scene stealer.

I like these Government type show plots but they need to be careful with authenticity. The agents need to be written realistically. While I can believe a guy walks into CIA headquarters (James Spader) and wants to disclose the bad guys, it can be hard to accept the agents roles of being heroes all the time. Setbacks in plot is good TV but keep the soap opera crap out of Night time programming! 

Look, the target audience I assume is that of the NCIS viewer demographic? Action, realistic story lines and great writing is what will make this show attractable. Though I think this show has promise, if the "Bugs" aren't worked out, its not going last to see a second season.

My point here is Reality, the show is going to need to have a realistic feel if it is to survive. Viewers now days are smart and watch for those details. Make this show as realistically as possible with actual out of "Today's" headlines and it will last for years to come. Continue the in house chaos with really no direction for the show to follow or good character development and I'm afraid it will die quickly. 

Lets see some more personal backgrounds of the characters so we can get to know them and feel what they feel. As of now, extreme emphasize has been given to Ms. Boone's character but we know little about the other characters in the show. By now we should have, could have known much more! And importantly, everybody's character doesn't need to be really screwed up as Ms. Boones character is beginning to unfold.

I really like the concept and would like to see the show survive, thats why I rate it so high. NCIS wont be around for ever. We need shows like NCIS and hopefully Blacklist can step up its game and compete with it at some point. One last point, I'm confused about the Agency in charge, is it the CIA or the FBI (I know what it is but friends of mine insist its the CIA) Please get that more defined in the future. I also find the last 5 minutes of this show wasteful so far, it sucks and could be better accomplished by eliminating that feeling of it being a Soap Opera. The questions you leave teetering at the end are boring, please do something different? End the show with a round table meeting deciding who the next target is going to be, not with some 90's throw back to 7th heaven!

*** Written by: "TV Connoisseur",