Welcome back James. For fans of Boston Legal and The Practice, I'm sure you were waiting for him just as badly as I've been. Well our patience has been rewarded. He's here and not in a good way. His bad boy charm is infectious. Coupled with the beautiful Megan Boone as Elizabeth Keen the new albeit brilliant FBI Agent. Now the series might not have any educational value except maybe the lessons Spader gives in belittling authorities but with him on screen who cares about the rest. The show had an interesting beginning with Raymond 'Red' Reddington (Spader) surrendering before the authorities and we are treated to the carnival that follows such an unexpected event. He's kept under a security tighter than the President. Well he's valuable.

The audience is on for some serious action, mind games (the best kind) and the dynamic (I hope not of romantic nature) between Keen and Red that will be the highlight of the show. In the background a lot of Law Enforcement officials will be actively working for their small screen presence but somehow the fate will transpire to put Keen in spotlight and danger as she will traverse through the myriad web that is terrorism to make sure that her country is safe from all threats whether foreign or domestic. Well this is a time tested premise and might just go down in a flurry of clichéd moments.

I really am the big jar full of hope, aren't I? But do not forget Red or specifically Spader. If I know him as well as I think then he's going to keep things extremely interesting all through this fall.

Keen gives a chilling description of herself which I'll let the viewers find out for themselves. A married FBI agent, she has her charms and things don't bode well for Red if she is what she says. 

So between these 2 I'm sure my Tuesdays are going to be awesome. Hang in there people. If you've seen the pilot then you've just broken through the crust. The multi-layered filling that's James Spader is just a scratch away from oozing out and making your life as good as mine.