OMG I will first start off by saying that this is the BEST and the most Gritty superhero show of all time. I love all things superheroes and Daredevil is up there for me though Spiderman is my favorite I would say he is in my Top 5. I absolutely loved this show and I just finished Binge-watching it a few hours ago. The setting was perfect and though it ties in with the aftermath of The Avengers movie after the NY attack that is about as far as it goes towards mentioning Marvel. The cast was Superb I mean Charlie Cox as Daredevil which I had not known him prior to this show and he killed it and the rest of the cast did an Awesome job as well but in my opinion Vincent D' Onofrio was Breathtaking as the Kingpin. I mean both the main characters were tremendously great but Kingpin is the greatest villain I have seen to date. I would say he is better then Loki and the Joker because he is such a multi-tiered character who perpetually makes you question weather he is truly a bad guy and though he commits heinous acts he is doing it for a so-called better tomorrow. I feel he should win an Oscar just with this role alone. I will continue on with the story which is the one told in the comics about Matt Murdock who is blinded as a child and fights crime years later in Hell's Kitchen,NY. I will reiterate that I enjoyed how they incorporated the story to fall after the NY incident as they call it in the series. The action was spot on with the most brutal fight scenes I have seen since Spartacus which thank God that Steven S. DeKnight from Spartacus and Drew Goddard were Executive Producers because they both brought there expert insight into an already Amazing concept of a show and made it into the BEST superhero show of all time beating out both Arrow and The Flash and every other superhero show that is out there in terms of the sheer brutality and realistic nature of how crime truly plays out in the world today. Well this has been a long enough review as is so if you can't tell already that I absolutely love this show I don't know what to say then lolz. I would recommend everyone who likes both superheros and gritty shows alike to watch this show immediately and I guarantee that you will not be disappointed at all. The Season Finale all I will say about that is WOW!!!!!