I'm an avid Marvel fan, being into anything Marvel related. Daredevil is a really famous character within the Marvel Universe and now that he's in the MCU, it's such a great addition to this universe. The best aspects of his character from the comics are kept in the show, and all these characters that people love are present, making it such an enjoyable experience. The MCU's shows haven't had the best record, and I'm mostly talking about "Agents of SHIELD" because, frankly, Agent Carter was amazing and didn't have any disappointing moments. Daredevil is just another fantastic addition to the MCU and is a breathtaking show.

When I say breathtaking, I truly mean it. This show brings a much darker scene into the MCU that's present in the comics. None of the MCU films or shows have had something as dark as Daredevil, and the fact that Daredevil is the first to do this is simply amazing. The cinematography is incredible, the music is great (one of the best opening sequences I've seen), the acting is fantastic, the writing is absolutely wonderful, and it's realistic to the bone while still knowing that its origin lies in the comics. It has a superhero feel to it throughout the whole show, and everything about it has what comics have. If I were to review this like a comic, I would be saying that it has great art, the characters are unique, and they all have their own proper voice. The panels are well placed, the action is well timed, and the dialogue never slips. 

I believe that this show has all of the aspects of the comics. Anyone can enjoy this show, and I say that with full confidence. There have been a few people that I know that have seen the show and were hooked right away and loved it completely, and they don't even like superheroes. 

This show, before being a part of this crazy and fantastical superhero universe, brings us into the crime of Hell's Kitchen, surrounding the audience in a dark reality of law, corporations, society, censorship and control of the media, human cruelty, and human loss. 

For Daredevil to be the first Netflix-Marvel show makes me very pleased, and the end result was amazing to me and so many other fans. I cannot wait to see how the rest of The Defenders get introduced. I'm so excited to see Daredevil become part of a team with Iron Fist, Power Man, and Jewel. Everything about this show is awesome, and I'm sure that the Heroes for Hire and Jessica Jones is going to be the same. I'm begging for a season 2 of Daredevil, and I certainly cannot wait for more.