A great origin story for the man with out fear show takes major inspiration from miller's man with out fear arc ,which shows a very strong relationship between Matt and his father jack and how much his ideologies are inspired by his father .The first two episodes explores this in a very detailed .The show also focuses Matt' s fight against the corrupt system which he fights as Matt Murdoch attorney of law .The reason for Matt Murdoch's crime fighting spree is also well done .it's not about losing his father its more like even though he can't see a thing he hears them he hears everything which tortures him in a way . most importantly How successfully the show is incorporated in the unrealistic world of mcu which usually handles terrorism and alien attacks .

As much us this is an origin story for Dare-devil this is an origin story for kingpin/Wilson Fisk .Fisk is shown as an man who is as much is scarred as the hero . he actually killed his abusive father in a spur of the moment . he also thinks his fathers abusive spree is because of the city.so he thinks and plans to rebuild the city best way he finds is to change the city by removing the low class.Vincent D'Onofrio nailed it us Fisk even though his performance sometimes comes out us an fat-brat it really focuses on his tough back story which fits the story line very well. 

The supporting casting is us brilliant us the main cast .Eldridge Henson us chubby quick witted Matt' s law side kick foggy nelson .Deborah an Woll shines in her part us Karen page a woman with a mysterious past who could be a future love interest for Matt Murdoch thank god they left most of it in season 1 .Rosario Dawson made an great impression in her brief role us Claire temple her relationship with Matt is well written luckily they didn't over-blow their relation with two much drama. i really like to see her come back for season 2 because she had a great chemistry with Charlie cox.i really liked Toby Leonard Moore's portrayal of Wesley Fisk's right hand man .Vondie Curtis halls Ben Ulrich is an absolute portrayal of the character,sad they decided to kill him in season one.the other major and well done characters to. Ayelet Zurer us Vanessa Mariana/Fisk ,Bob Grunton us Leland Owlsley. 

The show has done well in other departments too. like it has right amount of well done vfx . One of the most major plus stunt direction and choreography .Every fight scenes are well executed . most notable is episode 2 hall way fight scene.

The bottom-line is for season 1 of this show their are some flaws but they are all forgivable and most of them could be corrected in season 2.One of the plus points are they are not setting up for other Netflix shows or any MCU movie's the show only focuses on dare devil yeah their might be some iron fist connection those scenes are not unnecessary they are very well connected to the story-line.For future i hope they evolve Fisk into more devious and cunning and make him out of his shell completely .