When i saw the first season, i was entirely impressed. With the entire thing. The acting, the fight choreography, the visual effects and the cinematography, everything was just top notch. In fact it was so good, i wasn't sure they were going to be able to top it. Boy was i wrong. 

I have just finished watching season 2. And i have to say, its better than any other property in the entire marvel universe combined. Not only did they manage to top that epic hallway fight scene from season 1 which will go down in top 10s for fight scenes until probably the end of time--they also threw in an even more brutal punisher prison fight scene, which is... Well i don't really know how to describe it but i was screaming from disbelief the entire time that it was even possible for them to capture so much carnage in a single scene and still stick to the realism. The fight choreography alone in this show makes it worth watching, but there is also the writing which is really amazing. It is definitely the most true to the source material in terms of every single character, from the kingpin, to frank castle, daredevils origins, everything. And the first season was bingeworthy enough, but literally every single episode in the entire second season ended with such a bang or a twist or something that made it so i couldn't resist watching the next episode, because it was just sooooo damn good.

I want to also point out if you have kids or are quite squeamish that this is a very adult show that, especially in the second season, shows some very graphic content. And is especially realistic with its depiction of it. Parts of it are meant to make you sick to your stomach. But it is not gratuitous like game of thrones, and it is not overrated or over-hyped with its badassery like breaking bad (which i honestly find to be quite boring). I just couldn't say enough about this show that would do it justice, because every compliment i could say is probably well earned. Generally i would end reviews with "but this is what i think they could have done better", but not this show. Honestly i have no idea how they're going to one up themselves next season, but i have faith in them to do so because they've done it outstandingly before.