I confess that I'm not a huge comic book or superhero fan, I'm more of a scifi nerd and can sometimes find god-like superheroes to be unrelatable and without weight to their action and stories, something about their demigod nature takes the visceral feel and characterization away. And I'm honestly burnt out with all the superhero oversaturization and was not excited about yet another Marvel series. 

But I was completely blown away by this series. It's not the lighthearted, CGI action of the Marvel movies, or the indulgently dysphoric type of show like The Walking Dead or Game of Thrones, where it exists simply to attempt to one-up itself in more and more shocking moments with nothing redeemable. 

This show is dark and gritty without it being about shock value at all. It really sort of reminds me of a D.C. version of Batman as Daredevil/Murdock being a conflicted and troubled hero with principles.

One of the greatest aspects to the show is that there are several characters other than just Murdock who have their own story and development and are just as important has he is. 

Kingpin has a characterization in season 1 almost as compelling as Murdock's. 

I find the acting fantastic, the action well choreographed and with true weight that you can feel. 

I'm to the latter half of season 2 right now and I'm just as entertained with this season as the first. And they've introduced some other characters in this universe very well. 

I also appreciate the smaller scale of this series compared to the Justice League, X-men, Avengers, where the heroes are so powerful that they need to keep just fighting god-like villains and it's always the world/universe in peril to the point where I just don't feel it anymore. 

Daredevil is about people. Yes, some are quite unique, but they're people, and it's the city, neighborhood and everyday life that matters. It's a superhero show but it's a crime drama as well, similar to Batman. 

I just can't recommend this show highly enough... Love it!