In a time when superhero movies/TV shows have become more popular than any time in media history, Daredevil far exceeds its competitors. With competition from Arrow, Flash, Agents of Shield, Agent Carter and the like, Daredevil brings something those others haven't: a realistic feeling. Based in a universe with the likes of the Hulk, Thor, and Thanos, Daredevil keeps things away from the fantasy realm (at least for now).

With a much darker story to work with, the production team did it right by not holding back and not making it cheesy or too up-beat. They took a dark story and kept it dark. 

This "dark" element played out especially in the use of lighting (or in this case, lack of light). This could simply be a nod to Matt being blind so they wanted his world to feel dark, or (and I hope this is the case) the use of lighting was to create a dark tone (or feel) with the show. This is the first production that I have noticed the lighting to this extent. In every scene there is a sense of darkness. Even in direct sunlight the tint is darker. In well lit rooms there are shadows in the corners and background.

With this dark feel to the show, they used it to create and keep a dark tone. Much darker than other Marvel productions. In no other MCU production have we seen a man decapitated by a door in such a graphic nature or language this perverse. While it added a sense of reality to a company known for giving Sam Jackson lines that wouldn't even be considered PG-13, I do not believe it will go over well with parents or certain parent groups. With a name like Marvel attached to the production, some may feel "cheated" into thinking it would be a "clean" adaptation only to find blasphemy, decapitations, and impalements (among other things) in such a graphic nature. In the long run, I don't think it will hurt the company (after all, the comics were certainly graphic), but I did feel surprised when I first saw it (pleasantly surprised, mind you).

Overall, the show ranks as the top show of 2015, so far. I cannot wait for further seasons and how - or if - they connect it to the rest of the MCU. To be honest, I do not believe they need to connect it. With Daredevil always being the protector of Hell's Kitchen, cheap references to the rest of the universe are fine with me. Maybe a cameo by an agent of Shield to try to recruit him to Shield wouldn't be too bad. But a little bit goes a long way in this case. With shows like Flash referencing a different character from the DC universe seemingly twice an episode, it is nice to be able to focus on one group/villain for the whole season (and the fact they are normal humans with predictable abilities instead of those with weird or confusing powers is nice as well. But that's for a different review).