Daredevil is a show for reasonable adults who read their comic books and know the hero. The show sets the mood with a surreal comic book style world that's eerily calm yet awesome when it gets intense. It never turns into an unbelievable mess. The action can get a little cheesy and fake but it was set that way from the start of the show even at episode 1. Episode 2 holds probably the best fight scene in a TV show ever. The show is very consistent with mood, story, acting. It is not formulaic as you might think from the first few episodes as they introduce characters. The show really takes off after the 4th episode, and if you judge it by anything prior you're missing what they worked to setup. It's not realistic by any means, but for the world they created it is very consistent. No silly nonsense like you would expect from a formulaic show or Hollywood movie. 

I do not mind when I show is unrealistic as long as it is entertaining and consistent within the world they write. When it's some inconsistent, unbelievable mess is when I can not stand it. Best example is Avengers when the Hulk changes the momentum and says "I could control it all along!" and they didn't have Widow and Thor look at each other and ask why he beat the hell out of them earlier? Or Superman that let's his dad die to a tornado over a dog instead of saving them both, and later in the movie he somehow can't stop Zod's head from turning after tossing each other around the city. Better yet, he can't just put his hands over his eyes. Daredevil is nothing like this, it's very consistent and he does what a rational person would expect or not expect in a good way. That's the beauty of this show, and I could see how it may come off as dry or boring to people who can't appreciate the mood. 

The other thing is that this is not a formulaic show, you might think so from the first few episodes but you'd be wrong. There's no moral each show, there's no this weeks bad guy or innocent in trouble with the law that daredevil solves. There is no silly nonsense like Chloe and Clark in Smallville who always seem to figure out where the bad guy is with a few clicks of the mouse every single episode. There is no teen angst and love triangles and jealousy, not yet anyway. Same crap with Arrow, Flash, or anything on CW basically. The formula is all the same. Heros, love triangles, whiny angst ridden teens, irrational adults. None of which ever happens in Daredevil. Very impressive!

This show will not be for the bandwagon superhero fans, this show will be for the people who actually read the comics and know their hero. Not the people who all regurgitate how the new spiderman is exactly like the comics. You didn't read anything did you? Spidey was never a whiny teen, confused and emo, he could complete sentences but was troubled like a real person. Not some baby who couldn't find his way, the real spidey made mistakes and knew exactly what he wanted to do when he got the consequences. The new spidey just wants to have a hot girlfriend and do cool stuff and cry when he doesn't have it. No, you won't be able to enjoy a consistent comic book world that doesn't stray lose the vision of it's characters and story. 

This isn't written or executed like a TV show. It's a 13 part movie, and it's accurate to the early comic books of Daredevil. For anyone who was waiting for the best live action superhero show, it's here. It's Daredevil, but it's here.