It's obvious that one would make comparisons to that of Christopher Nolan's Batman, but for me it's more obvious to compare it to Arrow. For starters, I'm a fanatic of Arrow, to the point of being ridiculous. I had almost boycotted Daredevil because of the Arrow bashing, with the trend of the street saying it was "better". However, I finally broke the picket line, and went to check it out. And I'm glad I did.

In some ways I do know it's better, sure. Even though you can't turn me away from Arrow and make me bash it, I can't deny it's strengths. It wasn't fight sequences, or the action, because they looked and felt the same to me (and honestly, I love the fact that Ollie runs around shooting arrows rapid fire. That's just rad)

Rather, it was the acting, the pace and the level of believably that made it stand out. This is somber, and sad, and you really get scared that poor Matt may actually get killed. Compared to Ollie, he's such a more fragile soul, even if he can kick every one's ass an equal. Hell, there's an entire episode of heart wrenching caliber when Murdock's best friend Foggy finds out he's the psychotic "Devil of Hell's Kitchen".

The flashback sequences with younger Murdock were amazing. Your heart bleeds for the little guy, and I could actually see that being Charlie Cox as a child.

And unlike the popular consensus, I LOVED the slow paced scenes the best. Between the action, and the paranoia bits, there are a lot of moments where people are sitting behind desks and talking. Like real people at work. Many complain about these scenes stating they were "boring". But I loved them. They were the heart and soul of the show. It took some guts to say "OK, now let's have 10 minutes were Foggy, Murdock and Karen investigate stuff online and brain storm other things to look up and then talk some smack" I felt like I knew these people as a bunch of sweet nature, nerdy, up and coming Layers 

However, even that wasn't what sold me on the differences between this and Arrow. What made it stand out was Wilson Fisk, Aka The Kingpin, Aka the adversary of the show. He was so sympathetic, you can't hate him. He's crazy, psychotic, violent. But you see why. You wish he had sought some help earlier in his life. He's just a big, overgrown child stuck in a psychosis from his past...thinking he's doing the right thing. Sure, he has some shady understanding of how to keep his revenues up, but you can tell he really thinks he's doing the right thing. And he does care about his those he love. In this instance, the bad guy was just as important as the good guys. And not in the black/white scenario. Some moments you actually think you're siding with him. It's crazy like that.

However, in the end I would still prefer Arrow over Daredevil in that Arrow is just more fun, and has a pulse. Daredevil would get old if it went beyond 13 episodes a season. Better it be treated like a 13 hour long movie series that comes out every year rather than a weekly serial spread out for 23 episodes.