When I was a kid, my dad and I used to watch old episodes of "The Incredible Hulk." I loved that show, but my favorite was the 1989 spin-off film, "The Trial of the Incredible Hulk," featuring the man without fear himself, Daredevil. Since then I've always wanted more Daredevil, so, naturally, I was ecstatic when the Affleck movie was released; however, we all know how that turned out. It was disappointing, to say the least, but this new take on Daredevil is anything but.

The cast is nothing short of phenomenal. Charlie Cox is smart, likable, and a straight up bad mofo. Vincent D'Onofrio is chilling to the bone, yet somehow remarkably human. Elden Henson is funny and brings the perfect dose of lightheartedness to an otherwise brutal and gritty show. And, of course, Deborah Woll is lovely in representing an innocent bystander being thrown into the mess that is Hell's Kitchen.

Along with the cast, the writers are perfect. So often I find myself annoyed by poorly written, unbelievable dialog in film that I've learned to just accept a certain amount of it. I can't recall a single moment of feeling this way while watching Daredevil. Also, they've perfectly managed to show us that Matt Murdock has special abilities without having the typical winded explanation on episode one. They've sprinkled his abilities throughout the show with lines like, "cotton sheets feel like sand paper." Three thumbs up!

The editing and cinematography is exceptional. Every shot is well composed, and the color correction is spot on feeling more like a movie than a TV show. But above all, great film requires great directing. This is no exception. There's a scene where Vincent D'Onofrio answers his phone, and instead of just tapping the phone and talking like you'd normally see in film, D'Onofrio swipes to answer and then taps to put the phone on speaker. It's a stupid example I know, but it's little things like this that add to the believability, and this show is jam packed full of believability, which is really saying something considering the show's about a blind guy going around the city fighting crime.

I don't normally write reviews like this, but I feel this show deserves my time, and I'm willing to do whatever I have to in order to ensure there's a second season. Please, please, please let there be a second season!