As far as I am concerned, Daredevil is the best thing that the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Yes, films like the Avengers, Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Guardians of the Galaxy are all great in their own right, but this feels like the high point. And if Netflix's other superhero shows are anything like this, we're in for one hell of a treat.

Where to start? The characters are all extremely well written with lots of depth to them. Even when a character appears to be one-dimensional, the show throws you for a loop later on. Fisk in particular is one of the greatest villains in all of TV. You just look at him and you can tell he's the kind of guy you don't mess with if you value you're life. Daredevil himself may just be my new favorite superhero.

The show itself looks drop dead gorgeous. It's filmed very much like a film noir. The shadows are incredible and when there is colour, it pops like nothing you've seen in a comic book TV show. And the action is beyond anything you've seen on TV, or even most modern films. The MCU films may have greater spectacle, but in Daredevil, it never looks like two super-human's fighting. Whenever they fight, they lie down to gather their strength, they use anything they can find to fight, and you feel every punch, kick and slice. It's worth noting that Daredevil gets beaten up more than most superheroes, but that just makes it more heart-pounding when he gets up and keeps fighting.

There are other little touches that make this show so special. For one, I like how there's a progression of Daredevil's suit. It starts out very simplistic, but by the end, he's wearing proper battle armour that looks both badass and faithful to the comics. Despite being extremely dark when compared to not just the MCU but even to other superhero properties (including the Dark Knight) it does have a good sense of humor. And it has actual stakes. You know how when watching Game of Thrones, there's that voice in your head going 'Who's going to die? Someone is going to die.' Daredevil does the same thing. It doesn't kill off nearly as many characters as that show does, but it's still pretty brutal.

Overall, I can't think of anything wrong with it. It is a very adult aimed show, so don't assume it's like the MCU films and let your kids watch it, but it is still a great show and the perfect example of how to do a dark comic book adaptation.