The 2003 Daredevil movie with Ben Affleck was mostly a miss rather than a hit. The director's take on the movie brought character adaptations that were not appreciated by fans of the comics, nor was the film considered an exceptional superhero movie. As a result, when I heard that Marvel was rebooting the Daredevil character through a Netflix original TV series, I was extremely excited and had really high expectations going in because of all the good work the Marvel Cinematic Universe has brought us so far. 

My honest opinion is that it not only met my expectations, but surpassed them as well. Netflix's Daredevil is a different kind of superhero show that's not geared towards all audiences, but rather a mature, grown-up crowd as it takes you through Matt Murdock's journey and influence on crime in Hell's Kitchen, New York City. The whole show is a lot darker than other TV shows out there, but it's suitable because of the environment it is set in. The violence, the gore, language and the struggle between justice and vengeance is what sets the mood for the show.

The action scenes are magnificent. Daredevil himself is so fast as a martial artist, and the fight scenes are extremely fluid and well- coordinated. There's no cutting and pasting of action scenes, but rather you see the entire fight from start to finish, something a lot of viewers will enjoy. 

I believe that everyone will appreciate the character development in this show. Matt Murdock, as a lawyer and night-time vigilante, is not an easy man to understand in the span of one movie. Marvel and Netflix actually spend time developing his character and allowing the audience to see his struggle between what's right and wrong. 

In addition to this, I think what I most appreciate is the story- telling, which is exceptionally done in this series. There are a lot of flashbacks in this show, and a lot of scenes in which you don't really know what's going on at first. But the beauty of it all is that the writers don't spoon-feed you the information (like saying "20 years ago" or "after a long fight..."). They expect you to watch the show, pick up on the conversations and subsequent scenes to figure out how they're connected and what those flashbacks or scenes mean. It's not a show where you just watch, but a show where you are actively engaged in both the story and characters at all times so that you can truly understand what's going on with each episode.

As a result, this show is not your average TV series. It's geared for an older, more mature audience, and it's not afraid to be different on many levels, from the dark mood to the method of story-telling. I'd highly recommend this to any action fans out there waiting for a fix. It's really a great series.