Daredevil stands apart from other Comic based Super Hero series running on television by being a notch better in almost every department. Its darker than the other similar series in presenting some gory details, the martial arts used is way superiors, the action sequences are great, the cast have been great at their roles from the first episode without needing time to settle in, the plot has been solid all throughout the two seasons without any silly fillers or wasted episodes. This is one of the few series where the second season was better than the first one. With a genuine long term plot planned out the future only looks brighter for the series. 

Season One introduces us to Matt Murdock the Daredevil who is played by Charlie Cox and he is great at this portrayal. The supporting cast also give us great performances with a lot of screen time given to the bad guy Wilson Fisk who is played by Vincent D'Onofrio. While I like the part of screen time given for development of the bad guy, I just didn't like the Fat Man characteristic for the boss villain. Wilson Fisk the character was only disappointment for me in Season one. The action choreography for the season was just awesome. I did feel the ending to be lackluster but it kind of added to the motto of the series to keep building the story for the future. (9/10)

Season Two just blew me away, with the introduction of two superb characters and their journey, Jon Bernthal as Punisher and Elodie Yung as Elektra. The show just became more gory, fun, complex & entertaining. The first few episodes on Punishers dealing out mayhem took violence to another level. Then the introduction of Elektra and her history with Matt and her demands on his time puts a new angle his relationship with his partners at office. This season is not about the final fight with an evil bad guy (it does have that) but more about characters exploring there life, what they want to be, where they want to go, its more about relationship between all our favorite characters. (10/10)