Frank Miller and John Romita went back and made the 5-issue 'origin' of Matt Murdock's vigilantism with The Man Without Fear - that's where the black costume comes from, which he wears primarily through this first season of the Netflix show and where a reader could find out how he went into the depths of Hell's Kitchen to fight the forces of evil in New York city. It was brooding, hardcore, for adults really even as it was under the Marvel banner, which people usually associate with kid-friendly product. Perhaps a child could start watching this new series from showrunner Drew Goddard... until it gets violent. Really violent. Grisly, like elements out of a horror movie come up. How grisly can it really get? Well, there's an episode involving putting cutting up a dead body into parts to dispose of (one by one) in a river. David Fincher would look at Daredevil and go 'Wow, I wish I'd tried that in a movie'.

Daredevil is for adults, but it doesn't mean it's going to be dark and ultra-violent and harrowing for no reason. The story of Matt Murdock is one of Catholic troubles - he goes to church and confesses, though mostly informally, and that's where his head and conscience really lie - and what it means to "save" a city. Because it's not just Murdock - it's also the 'Kingpin', Wilson Fisk (note, I don't remember him being called Kingpin in this series, but that's fine, a card from a deck says it all at one point). Fisk also comes from Hell's Kitchen, and sees that a good part of his city needs saving. The problem comes in perspective for these two characters: one is going after the criminals in a black mask who can't be put in or are evading the law, and other one is a wealthy magnate who uses intimidation and thuggish tactics.

It was the right and wise decision to start with Kingpin, as he's a reverse of Matt Murdock; everything that Murdock is trying to do to protect his city (and of course he calls it "my city", why not), Fisk feels like he as well. The best villains are those who think of themselves as the Hero of the story, but of course are so delusional, awful and misguided (at best) that they know what's best for everybody, and by any (fearful) means necessary. D'Onofrio plays Fisk in multi-dimensions as someone who actually does know what he's doing - he admits to people like his love Vanessa that he will be doing terrible things - but that's fine for him if it justifies the means. What makes Murdock so compelling is that he is without fear, but will only put it back into the right(wrong) people.

This is film noir comic book filmmaking. This is the world that has ninjas and martial arts training, but it's also a world where a character like Matt Murdock gets into courtroom drama, and where, get this, he can get hurt. A lot. In ways that require a nurse and meditation to heal (how that works, don't ask), this is someone who gets hurt much more than even Batman. Part of that can be chalked up to the suit - the fanboy in us wants to know when the suit is coming, but the black mask does make it properly mysterious and fits the crime-drug-rape-murder environment. When the hero goes out to fight people, there's a very good chance he could be killed. That makes the stakes much higher and more tumultuous than, say, Wolverine or Superman ever could.

All of this goes into a series that moves with bravura, cinematic direction. Sometimes you watch a TV show, even one that has solid production values like Arrow, and know that it's meant for TV. This is a case where Marvel steps up their game and tries to make it a situation where you could easily see this in a movie theater. An extended hallway fight where Daredevil goes into a building to save a kid is in one take, inspired very likely by Oldboy, but has its own rhythm and intensity that makes it unique. There's a series of montages where Fisk puts together his breakfast and it has the eerie intensity of an A-class horror film or thriller. An actor like Charlie Cox is usually seen in films (i.e. Theory of Everything) and here he's perfect for the control, humor (yes, sometimes humor, if light), inner- turmoil and tragedy needed for this Murdock. And actresses like Rosario Dawson and Deborah Ann Woll add considerable talent to the settings. But it comes back to the direction and writing, how much this looks and feels and THINKS with a degree of intelligence that acts more like a self-contained movie than a series.

Not that I can't wait for season 2. But what Daredevil accomplishes is carrying over that feeling Frank Miller got when he quasi-rebooted the series in the early 80's, then made iconic in Born Again and The Man Without Fear, and how the recent run of comics have tried to rise above the usual conventions and expectations of comic-book-crime books. This is not fake-posturing comic book stuff like the 2003 movie. Considering how much it tackles things like gentrification and corporate malfeasance, the drug war and familial trauma that leaves people like Wilson Fisk as understandable (though not sympathetic) monsters, this is Marvel taking things to another level. Iron Man was one step into that, and this is a whole other. With some minor gripes (mostly involving characters like Stick, albeit still wonderfully played by Scott Glenn), this is a masterpiece of long-form storytelling.