As a long time fan of Daredevil (comics) but decidedly cool on the 2003 Ben Affleck movie, I was cautiously optimistic that Marvel and Netflix could pull off a compelling "TV" series. I had faith in Marvel and I had faith in Netflix, but it was the concept that I wasn't sure would transfer. After all the entertainment world has seen a few of these "human hero" types who fight crime with their wits and their incredible martial arts / trained in a secret Ninja monastery for X amount of time like Batman on the big screen and Green Arrow on the small one. Does the world really need another show based on a guy in a suit? Answer: Absolutely, if it's done this well.

Another way to describe this show would be to simply call it "Daredevil Begins" and we'd all understand what that means. The entire first season is an origin story as we see characters fleshed out, abilities increase, villains exposed and the world of Hell's Kitchen come to life, rotting underbelly and all. But unlike Batman in Nolan's first movie, Matt Murdock's angry alter- ego doesn't get his act together that quickly and the process of watching him grow into NYC's Most Improved Hero is fascinating on all counts. 

The idea of Matt Murdock, a blind lawyer who fights crime by day legally and then takes the law into his own hands by night as a costumed vigilante is perhaps one of literature's greatest dichotomies. It doesn't get any better than that in terms of secret identity / hero. The stories write themselves and kudos to creators Stan Lee, Bill Everett and Jack Kirby for introducing the world to "The Man Without Fear". 

Everything you loved from the comic books is present and accounted for including flashbacks to DD's true origin, Matt's conflicted Catholic heritage, and Battlin' Jack Murdock to name a few and I'm hoping we see a few new super villains in the next season. No, not Stilt Man. 

In Daredevil viewers get to experience a couple of wet behind the ears lawyers (Matt Murdock) and his partner Foggy Nelson (Elden Henson) start their practise from scratch. Comic fans will recognize the name of Karen Page (Deborah Ann Woll), but how she comes into Murdock and Nelson's world fires off the starting gun in this manic race to the finish. 

Vincent D'Onofrio's Wilson Fisk AKA Kingpin is a gigantic force of nature who casts an enormous shadow over Hell's Kitchen figuratively and literally. It would have been easy to make him a one- dimensional villain but D'Onofrio's under-stated yet powerful delivery make him seem larger- than-life and terrifyingly real simultaneously.

Where DD really excels is the excellent fight scenes, which while few and far between at first, are brutally realistic. These aren't shaky cam, quick edit brawls but well-paced, shockingly aggressive battles that seem like they could end at any time with an outcome you're not expecting. That in and of itself is a testament to the high quality of DD.

With subtle nods to the MCU (why do you think there is such a construction boom in NYC?) DD is a white-knuckle ride that shows that Marvel knows best when it comes to its properties. If they can take a fledgling C list hero like Iron Man and make him the king of Pop Culture, (let's face it, that's exactly what Tony Stark and his tin can suit was before 2008) imagine what they can do for some of their most interesting characters? Daredevil on Netflix is a darn good example of how many F's Marvel does give when it comes to their own. DD's in good hands and fans can just sit back and enjoy the show.