This is my first review on IMDb and I just had to do it with Daredevil since it is truly remarkable! I will not give any spoilers, so that you can all enjoy it flawlessly:

As you may already know, Daredevil is based on Marvel's superhero of the same name, a blind lawyer who ends up using his enhanced other senses (mainly his audition) and fighting skills to fight crime in Hell's Kitchen (a neighborhood of Manhattan, in New York City).

What really defines this show is its solid acting, clever and intense action scenes, great character development and sheer brutality, the latter being something that we are simply not used to see in Marvel productions. Don't get me wrong: there's blood and violence, but it is presented in such a way that it feels natural and needed: Daredevil is not all-powerful, he bleeds and suffers just like everyone else, but the fact that he gets up again and again, all for the sake of justice, is something admirable, especially for someone of his condition.

Moreover, another key character is developed in this series (not as much as the protagonist, but enough to make us care about him, wanting to see his next actions) and of course, talking about characters, I could not go without underlining how special they are. The acting is solid and improves as episodes go by. I feel that Charlie Cox is in its apex while playing Matt Murdock, whereas his acting as the vigilante Daredevil is not perfect (it feels like he didn't catch all the brutal and somewhat sadistic nature of the character), but in his defense, this first season could have been about showing us a more human Daredevil, who slowly fortifies his "alter-ego" later on. And yes, there will be a second season!

The story is not particularly original, but it has its great moments and it really becomes compelling. Still, it's good enough to avoid criticism while you watch it, it's all pretty solid and it really builds up into the final episodes.

The action scenes are memorable, I mean, they are really that superior in comparison to other superhero shows like Arrow. You feel like the whole choreography of the fights seeks to always keep its focus on what's going on, without too may cuts (hell, there's one sequence where this becomes evident, a one-cut epic brawl). The fighting moves are really satisfying to watch and you will be remembering them long after you finish the show.

To sum up, if you are into a different, more mature superhero series, watch Daredevil. With great action, characters and setting, it will keep you wishing for more. And more will arrive! Come into Hell's Kitchen, I guarantee you won't regret it. Just make sure you are on the right side of law, because the Devil is here... And he is Daring! He's the Daredevil!