Man, if some Marvel movies were made in this type of way, DC would stop making films to save themselves embarrassment. Daredevil is such a raw, visceral interpretation of the man without fear, with some of the most "real" action out there. The dark and gritty tone is a refreshing tangent from the popular fun, supernatural action with a high dose of humor we are so accustomed to nowadays. Some call it the "Dark Knight of the Marvel Cinematic Universe." It's fair, but tough to compare since it's a TV show. But it's on the same level. The attention to drama and character development make this series work. It's what made the Dark Knight work. MCU films are all about action and humor. That's fine and dandy, but it's good to see something like this. The acting is superb in my opinion, you feel for the characters. Vincent's performance as Wilson Fisk is to be remembered, and deserving for at least an Emmy nomination. The writing is spectacular, and the directing is masterful. Sure, it's not PERFECT, but pulling out criticisms is really nitpicking at this point. The whole down to earth setting is what gives it the edge. It makes it real, it makes it look like this could happen in your own city. Hell's Kitchen itself, the dark corners, the dim lit streets, lonely sidewalks, heavily populated sidewalks, all the way up to a beautiful garden high up on some umpteenth floor where Gao and Fisk talk on a bench, I love how every detail of the city is put in front of us. You see aspects of the area that you didn't see in the Avengers. Character development is crucial to making a great series, and so far, Daredevil delivers. The series does a great job in introducing the characters, and telling us how they tie into what's going on, and also their past up to he point where we first meet them. That little stuff is what makes a difference. The first season is an origin series, so I think we can expect to see more action later on. The fighting is top notch. I love how the creators made Matt Murdock fight like a real human. We are so used to Hulk destroying everything, or Captain America kicking so much ass while barely breaking a sweat. To see Murdock fight, get his butt kicked, bleed, look exhausted with every opponent, it adds to the image of REALITY. Even though Murdock is an adept hand to hand fighter, he still takes a beating, because, well....he's not Captain America or Winter Soldier. You root for the guy, because he can actually die at any moment, even though we know that won't happen. People talk about the violence, I absolutely love it. Bones breaking, bleeding out, some limbs coming off, good for Marvel for allowing this. It's what happens in real life during fights, we NEED to see this type of stuff. This was obviously made for a very mature audience, and I'm not complaining. 

A well acted, fantastically written TV series, that brings back to life what was once a joke of a film.