Daredevil is a one of a list of growing shows that Netflix is producing that are turning out to be of top quality. After binge watching season 1 all I can hope for is season 2 is not far behind. Not only is it nice to see a super hero with a disability turned into the ability to blend into the scenery but develop additional skills and writing that puts the people in situations that make the story absolutely great. After two episodes I knew I was hooked, by the last I was already sorry there was no season 2, just glad it had already been announced that there would be one. I'm now in the middle of Jessica Jones only sad to read that season 2 is unlikely due to other complications, but thankfully they are due to a series of shows that appear to be going to be linked in some way. I'm very impressed by the writing, the acting, the lack of boundaries on a show produced for a streaming outlet but just a unique super hero fighting the bad guys as they really are in the real world. Took until the last episode for him to get the sense to put on some body armor of some sort, but thankfully he stopped fighting teams of people with guns with two sticks wearing tights. Definitely got his butt kicked several times, but the back story to why he wants to be a hero is solid. That he is not able to just kick the crap out of everyone without risk is what makes the character stand out as a hero as he is at risk but still willing to fight psycho's on principle. I think the show is unique, excellent, and has great potential for a long run. I hope Netflix keeps them coming. Jessica Jones is on episode 10 so I don't know how it turns out, but it hooked me even faster making me really sad there may be no more seasons. But this is about Daredevil and it definitely rocks!

Post Season 2 and they rocked it again! Season 2 was even better than season 1 as it did a great job of growing the foundation set in season 1 and introducing some long term characters (the Punisher) who is big enough to be a spin off. The outcome of him sharing the truth with his true love was disappointing, but there are more seasons to come so who knows at this point. He is conflicted with his actions and Catholic beliefs but is growing in his potential and the story just has grown to a level I didn't imagine. So while I hate his losing his long term side-kicks (and I have to say I'm a bit confused by his "friends" reaction to the truth, I see them as being selfish and fair weather friends whose response to the truth simply supports his reasons for not telling them to begin with). But Daredevil has a lot of life left in it with Season 2 being better than a 10/10 season 1 with it using the foundation of Season 1 very effectively to make Season 2 even better and leave us with a cliff hanger for Season 3 indicating it is going to get even more intense. My expectations are now very high!!!