Daredevil is based on the Marvel comics character of the same name and is about a boy named Matt Murdock who loses his sight in a chemical accident while trying to save another man. Although Matt loses his sight, his other senses are superhumanly enhanced. His father is later murdered by criminals so he decides to hone his mind, body and senses turning himself into a weapon of blind justice to put a stop to crime in his neighbourhood of Hell's Kitchen. 

The story in this show is dark, gripping, dramatic and most importantly, entertaining. They have now finished season 2 and at no point have I found myself bored or uninterested in what is going to happen next. The show is extremely well written and there are so many great scenes of dialogue being exchanged between characters. While some of the story arcs have been better than others, I have enjoyed the show's plot in it's entirety so far.

The acting in this show is superb, especially the villain Wilson Fisk AKA Kingpin (played by Vincent D'Onofrio) and anti-hero Frank Castle AKA The Punisher (played by Jon Bernthal). They really make you understand and feel for them even though they are "bad guys" and are doing the wrong thing. They have some very personal motivations to what they are doing, which is an especially nice change to the character of Wilson Fisk who is usually shown as nothing more than a generic power hungry villain. As a comic fan it is not often I admit a show/movie did something better than the comics but The Kingpin is one of those cases. This is not to take away from Charlie Cox who plays Daredevil. He was a fantastic choice for this character and really gives a powerful performance as both a blind man and superhero. Elodie Yung was good as Elektra bringing a deceptive and manipulative feel to the character. Elden Henson brought comic relief in the form of his character Foggy Nelson and Deborah Ann Woll was fine as Karen Page, although I found her to be the least interesting of the main characters.

The overall tone of this show is dark and it suits the character of Daredevil perfectly. It also suits the brutal blend of action in this show. Speaking of which, the action in this show is some of the best ever put on screen and you really have to applaud whoever choreographed the fight scenes. There are some long fight scenes done all as one take (which must have been extremely difficult to film) that are absolutely thrilling.

This show is brilliant. They really nailed every element here from the story, to the acting, to the overall tone and needless to say, Daredevil has instantly become one of my favourite shows. I highly recommend watching it if you haven't and I can't wait to see the other upcoming Netflix Marvel shows. Enjoy!