Most superhero shows follow a pattern of clichés that involve an weekly enemy and one big boss throughout a season, and the hero goes through his ups and downs gradually. Some shows follow this formula to the letter, but shows like Daredevil don't pander to the "Hollywood story". Not only does this show have an unpredictable story, and strong dialogue, but every episode follows the one before it, with ties and references slowly being collected. 

The ingenuity of the show falls to its script writers and directors. The choreography of the fight scenes are superior, mainly because they show exactly what damage the hero gets from his wounds. Matthew's superior powers are used subtly in this show, there's no definite advantage in his fights - he always gets through it with some scratch or another, and sometimes he doesn't win at all. This makes the imagery and tone of the story far more realistic and believable. 

What strikes me best about the series is its characters. There are no "tick-list" characters involved here. Yes, there's a hero, and yes there's an enemy, but that's as far as the basics go. There's a deeper issue and past with each and every character. Also, female characters are treated with respect - no more damsels in distress,, these are people fighting for their survival and they won't be sitting around screaming for someone to help them. 

The reason I gave this ten is simple, the story is as visceral as those shows that conquer the media these days. Breaking Bad and Game of Thrones are two worthy shows that take careful steps to grab their viewers. This show is similar, in that it goes far enough to make us feel a little unsettled. They're not afraid to show us Matthew's harsh and depressing past, and in the most gut-wrenching way, and they're not afraid to show us the full calibre and might of this show's nemesis, Wilson Fisk - who by episode four is already making an impression.

If you're a fan of Better Call Saul, Game of Thrones or The Flash even - this is a show for you. One minor fault in the series for me, however, has been Elden Henson's acting. But he doesn't appear that often.