Orange is the New Black is being released on Netflix. I am providing my review after watching the first four episodes.

Because most of the show takes place inside a women's prison, this show features an huge female cast, and it's a wonderful cast. Taylor Schilling plays the lead, Piper Chapman, who has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for her part in drug smuggling ten years earlier. Taylor also played the iconic role of Dagny Taggart in Atlas Shrugged. Laura Prepon (That Seventies Show) plays Alex, Piper's ex-girlfriend. Kate Mullgrew plays Red, a Russian émigré who runs the prison kitchen. Natasha Lyonne plays Nicky a savvy girl who gets some of the best lines. Yael Stone, who plays Lorna, is a striking presence on screen. There are so many strong actresses in this production that I can't list them all.

Jason Biggs plays Piper's fiancé who must wait for her release to restart their life together.

Orange is the New Black is a drama with strong comedic undertones. The New York prison where the women are incarcerated has an atmosphere that might best be described as sterile, scary and corrupt. As the women deal with the inhumanities of prison life, some seek small daily pleasures, a few hold onto their hopes for a better life after prison, and some are hopeless victims of the institution. Most of the latter were victims in the outside world as well. 

As the women are introduced to us, there are flashbacks detailing their histories and the circumstances that sent them to prison. Their stories are humanizing. The prison employees also live within the prison culture where rules are paramount. They too are imprisoned during their work hours and must learn to cope with an insensitive environment that is also political. 

Piper has to learn the rules and the other harsh realities from the first moment she enters Litchfield Prison. Then she has to learn how to cope, making mistakes along the way. Before she was confined, she lived a life at the top of Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs; in prison, the most basic needs cannot be taken for granted. Even the hugs are rationed during visits with family and friends.

As you watch, I think you will find that your heart hurts for these women. There are so many themes available to the writers, but central is the fleeting nature of hope. 

Can love flourish in prison? I think we will find out.

I rate this show 9/10.