"Who needs a 'previously on'. I've been watching this show for five hours straight. I know exactly what's happened."

Expressing a sentiment that any Netflix junkie would understand, these were the words of one viewer as she chewed through the much anticipated, recap-less second season of the new comedy-drama, Orange is The New Black. Slightly slower-moving than the debut season, the show's second chapter explores more deeply the back stories of Litchfield Correctional Facility's parade of colourful characters—including the neurotic but ultimately likable protagonist, Piper Chapman.

Returning viewers will recall the conclusion of season one, which saw Piper face-to-face with Tiffany "Pennsatucky" Dogget—the dentally-challenged meth head hick with a growing messiah complex, an explosive temper, and an insatiable desire to see Piper dead. Piper's surprisingly violent retaliation against Pennsatucky goes well beyond self-defence, giving the sense that something within her has finally snapped. Having alienated herself from the people around her with her characteristically selfish behaviour, she finds herself frustrated and utterly alone. We get the sense that the attack on Pennsatucky is in fact a form of release: the release of her accumulated rage at her circumstances, the end of her efforts to maintain her image as the hapless innocent, and the beginning of a new phase of greater grit.

The season picks up as Piper is hauled out of her cell in solitary confinement and taken on a comical detour to a rough Chicago prison where she inadvertently kills Yoda, a much-prized cigarette carrying cockroach. Viewers will breathe a sigh of relief when she is finally returned to Litchfield and launched back into the prison community we came to know and love in season one. The second season sees a greater focus on the inmates' lives and back stories through the use of frequent flashbacks. Particularly poignant is the story of Poussey, the tough but playful tomboy who, we learn, has known heartache long before she went to Litchfield and developed feelings for her best friend Taystee. Taystee's drug dealing background is also illuminated, and provides context for the introduction of a scowling, sinister inmate, Vee, who becomes the driving force behind an inventive smuggling scheme carried out by her black girl recruits—including a discernibly crazier Crazy Eyes.

Vee's entry causes a shake-up in the inmate hierarchy, especially for the now kitchen-less power-broker, Red, who must find a way to restore her position as matriarch after the events of season one. Meanwhile, the Latinas band around Daya as her secret pregnancy progresses, and Nicky and Boo provide comic relief as they go head-to-head in a contest to bed the most number of prisoners. We gain further insight into lipsticked Morello's disturbing marriage obsession, as well as a closer look at the non-Litchfield lives of Healey, Caputo and some of the other prison officials. Piper's dramas with Larry continue and interactions with her family are strained, but in general the action is centred on her prison life. Alex is absent for most of the season, but we get the sense there is more to come on that front.

If season one was about establishing Piper's prison landscape and the tensions that run in and around it, season two is about deepening that understanding and taking a closer look at the characters who inhabit it. Viewers will relish each and every flashback, which is testament to the quality of the story telling. The flashbacks have a vignette-like, episodic quality, at times in the manner of a morality tale. That said, we never get the character's whole story at once; rather, things are revealed gradually, with visits to characters' childhoods, to their everyday adult lives, and occasionally to the defining moments that landed them in prison. In this way, the show builds its characters in layers and, rather than asking viewers to love them, hate them, forgive them or condemn them, it first and foremost affords viewers the opportunity to understand them.

In season two, Litchfield itself is presented in a particularly sorry state. The corruption within its higher administration is rife, disciplinary processes are becoming increasingly arbitrary and unfair, racial tensions are ever-present, contraband continues to circle, and, perhaps as a telling symbol for this broader sense of decay, the plumbing system has entirely failed, flooding the bathrooms with feces. The few guards who display any concern for the prisoners' welfare are powerless to improve conditions, instead acquiescing under the weight of bureaucracy. An older inmate who is displaying troubling signs of dementia is taken away on a bus as a form of 'compassionate release,' and it is understood by the inmates' stunned reactions that there will be no one to take care of her on the outside. Is decaying Litchfield a symbol of post-GFC America—tired, disillusioned, indifferent to its most vulnerable people? Probably. But it's not all depressing. The saving grace of Litchfield is the way in which pairs, groups and sometimes the entire inmate population band together in the face of the brutality, corruption and malaise, taking responsibility for one another and making the show's message an ultimately hopeful one. The series avoids sop, however, by delicately balancing the drama with its trademark wit. As in season one, comedic mileage is found in stereotypes—Boo the predatory butch tallying her sexual conquests; Piper the over-educated, uptight white girl sternly correcting inmates' grammar and pop culture references ("Inspector Gadget was not a good inspector, he just had a lot of stuff. Plus, he had Penny and the brain helping him"); the table of silver haired inmates grappling with the concept of the internet—and this helps to break up the more serious moments. 

Overall, season two of Orange is the New Black is intensely watchable, and cements the show's position as the quirkiest, most original new offering from Netflix. With a third season now confirmed, it will soon be time to block out a weekend for another binge viewing—recaps not required.