I just finished watching the second season and I'm still smiling after seeing the final scene in Episode 13: I won't spoil anything here except to say that I've seldom seen a more gratifying series finale that made the darkest moments in this season well worth waiting out. Brava to the writers! I'm commenting here based on some disturbing user reviews on the series that I've been skimming here. Apparently some people have decided that the Piper character is the definitive representative of white upper middle class privilege, that "Pennsatucky" is intended to define all lower white evangelical Christian tweakers, Sophia is the definition of a transgendered person, etc. This simply is not true. All the inmates depicted here are really unique individuals, and the background stories really drive home that point. There is no comparison between the backgrounds of Taystee, Poussey, Suzanne, or Janae, for example. The only thing they have in common is that they're black women close in age. Piper is NOT the "heroine" of this story. That's kind of the point and I don't think she's being shown as such. I really liked seeing her further evolution in Season 2, especially when she realizes what bugs her the most about the naive newbie, Brook. Brook is kind of a doppelganger of last year's Piper. Unlike the first season, she's figured out this year how to survive, using her selfishness to her advantage without completely losing her capacity to care about those around her. The background stories we see this year are revelatory, from the ditzy Lorna Murillo's walk on the dark side of obsession to Poussey's teenage years as a German-speaking army brat and best of all, the wild rides of Miss Rosa, a woman we've only seen before blending into the background of the bunk beds. While Season 1 was primarily exposition, Season 2 has a central story arc around which the smaller subplots develop, and that story arc really brings some of the inmates together and drives a wedge into the relationships of others. Expect to see a resolution to the story that leaves you breathless by season end. I loved how the writers spun this story while simultaneously telling others. A lot of reviewers have complained about the nudity and language on this series. I do think Season 2 is a little less graphic, but really, don't watch this if you're expecting Girl Scout Camp in Disneyland. We're in prison here. Keep your minds and your hearts open. These women keep it real.