The theme song You Got Time is now stuck on me. I hum it all the time.

This show is not for anyone who cannot stomach:

Mainstream TV actors to actresses ratio in exact reverse; women talking rough; what women really say and do and act like when there're few men around; raunchy and dirty female humor; unvarnished lesbian sex; raw racially-diverse nude female forms in full frontal furry glory. 

Note that many angry 1-star posts here hate this show claiming it is "boring". Offensive, it could be to some, but boring it is not, definitely STIMULATING, because it dares to show what black comedy genre dared not show. 

I followed Jenji Cohen's Weeds, it was OK, had enough funny moments to follow the anti-heroine lead character around through her trials and tribulations. Like or hate her character design, Jenji's narrative style is no doubt as sharp and punk and distinctive as say, Tarantino, except that there is method and far more heart in her bleakness and cynicism.

I also started watching OTNB without noticing it was Jenji (or that Jenji was a she not a he). I was just thinking, wow, The Entourage set in prison with all girls leading the show, no high heels, no bodycon dresses, just pure characters, cultural-crash tension, plot craft, now that's gutsy...

And...

This one is something else. It's an instant hit. I was hooked. Everything is so FRESH, so in your face, so raw, the nudity is so honest and intimate it is almost unbearable. It is so original in that way. The bad girls in cages, racial gang warfare, lesbian voyeurism or gratuitous female nudity are probably designed to hook the usual novelty seeking audience. But it didn't get complacent. The premise is definitely uptown girl turn bad and stuck in stinky town and things got progressively nastier and crazier. And more. And more. And more. Layers and layers of the main characters being peeled and revealed and stripped again. It may look like a show about women, but it goes way beyond that. Everyone - the non-whites, all the male characters are fleshed out. 

And the tone is fair. Some complained about racism. But race is one of the main theme, as this IS a prison story. Some complained about lesbian fetish voyeurism. Homosexuality is a big part of survival power play in prison. Some complained about excessive nudity. Yes plenty of those too. But unlike in typical conservative "normal" shows such as the cowardly Game of Thrones, penises are shown too and no-one is spared nudity scenes/ character flaws/ strength/ humiliation, not even the good Waspish girl gone bad princess figure.

It's more than just voyeuristic musings on cat-fighting or kitten- purring. It is hardcore self-destructive females pushing against each other in really tight situations - it is about why they do the irrational things they do back stories, those in position of power with the keys and what they do with them. This show may take creative license with a lot of things, sure, the characters sometimes mouth ridiculous-yet-hilarious lines - it IS after all a comedy, albeit a really black one in every sense of the word.

Second season started a bit all over the place, odd editing choices etc, but 3rd episode on the pace started to pick up and the rest, is pure genius. NETFLIX YOU DID IT!!! Super-engaging, super-sardonic, super-addictive. Highly recommended for the fearless and jaded.

My only complaint (or whining point), is that because the whole series is on Netflix I binged until I suffered from lack of sleep followed by cold turkey withdrawal days after. Signs of the time.

Season 3 NOWWWWW!