What truly makes Orange Is The New Black outstanding is the understanding of problems common among each ethnic group in the United States. From urban poverty to an upper-class life, OITNB successfully depicts the background of each inmate. Piper Kerman had to have a great eye to notice all of this and absorb it long enough to write this in her book, while Jenji Kohan does a great job at scripting real problems that many inmates face that led them to their current point--some viewers might even gain understanding and not find some of the current inmates guilty. Jenji also does justice to the debate of how badly prison reform is needed. OITNB also successfully exposes correctional facility corruption; something else that is far too common in prisons. What is interesting the most is probably that while the show tries to have a protagonist--Piper Chapman, her inmates pasts and presents overwhelmingly shadow hers. The plight of minorities is what Piper Chapman is exposed to. She is shocked by things that in inner-cities are quite common. Her privileged life blinded her, and now that she's in Litchfield, she sees how some people who were/are not financially equipped lived/live, and perhaps because of this they didn't know any better, and that's why they are there. Perhaps the show garners some controversy by stereotyping quite often, but it should not because all ethnic groups are stereotyped--even the upper class white folks. OITNB shows the entire spectrum, without leaving out a trace. This is a show that believe it or not, exposes you to what is inside an all-female American prison, and how inmates are not at the core murderers or robbers, but rather, their environment exposes them to such material that they continue on the cycle. Piper Chapman is an exception to this cycle. Conversely, she is viewed as the beginning of the cycle by her family members. Apart from some of the highly depressing or explicit themes, some laughs are thrown in--all executed perfectly and not blown over proportion. Highly recommended show. I would not be surprised to see a myriad of award nominations for Orange Is The New Black in upcoming years.

9/10