In my opinion Orange is the new Black is Netflix at its finest. It is shows like this that keep me paying for their services and i think that the character development is some of the best i have seen. Season 3 i feel toned this down quite a lot and is my least favourite of the 3 seasons, yet i still had so much fun with it and cant wait for season 4.

Straight off the bat we get to interact with the characters we have grown to love. However from the pilot it did feel a bit different, the season 2 finale was almost ignored with just a brief mention of Vee/Rosa and i noticed that the supposed main character and reason the show started in the first place, Piper Chapman (Taylor Schilling) was reduced to almost a side character. The shows writers have done a good job at showing what prison has ultimately done to her, a once seemingly innocent woman. Whilst she was never my favourite character, all the development for her in the previous 2 seasons wasn't really here for her this time. That being said, it paves the way for favourites such as Daya, Big Boo and even Pensatucky to be more developed. 

Like always absolutely everybody in the cast does a great job. New characters such as love interest Stella (Ruby Rose) even give us good performances, but sort of appear out of nowhere and don't really advance the story. A negative i have heard from people is the fact that many story lines are thrown at us at once. There are a lot such as Crazy eyes' erotic sci-fi story, Caputo dealing with the threat of Lichfield being closed, the love triangle between Piper, Stella and Alex and that ridiculous dirty panty business. Yet at the heart of it all some real emotion grips us more and the more subtle things are what keep us on board. Surprisingly Pensatucky was the stand out this season and has a real tragic storyline that shows us a new side to her and her unlikely friendship with Boo.

This is probably the only season of a show where the finale is both underwhelming and great. What i mean by that is the set up between characters like Piper and Alex (whilst they do get their endings) weren't shown as well as fans expect from the other seasons, it was also very heartwarming and we grow to love these inmates even more than before. Where things felt out of place, like Red and Healy's growing relationship and Norma being a spiritual goddess, the girls seem to put all their differences aside so that they can just enjoy each other's company for a short time. This is the true heart of OITNB and it shines brighter than ever. Hardcore fans may be disappointed and to an extent a few things disappointed me, but there is still a lot of life let in the show and June 2016 can't come quick enough.