When I decided to watch Netflix's new original series Orange Is the New Black, I didn't know what I was getting into. Yes - I had heard it was good, and I had heard that it is the most critically acclaimed thing Netflix has put out so far - but I (probably like most others) tend to distrust things that are as blatantly promoted like Orange was. One thing that is for certain is that whoever watches this show is going to fall onto the band wagon just as quickly as I did. I did not expect the show to be such a breath of fresh air, but this show is going to be a serious forerunner in the new generation of TV that's developing around us. A show from the creator of the show Weed's, Jenji Kohan, I had high expectations -- and they were definitely lived up to. 

Orange Is the New Black has the format and pacing of just about any TV show you'd find around, but it has one serious advantage all those other network shows don't have (well, expect HBO): It isn't meant to show on public television, and t never was. Orange didn't need to maintain the rating for general audiences other shows need for marketability, which means it has a lot more freedom of content than the other shows we are used to. The shock factor is not over exaggerated in this new series; the show is about a women's prison, and the director did his best to show that prison in all of its hilarious and scary light. Knowing that this show is not nearly as policed as the general show the Netflix audience has encountered, they definitely should go into the experience with adjusted expectations. It becomes immediately evident by the amount of nudity found alone in the first 10 minutes of the very first episode. Orange Is the New Black plays by different rules: little to no constriction on language; large amounts of sexually explicit content; and truths about prisons that would not make it past most network rating scales. Drug deals, lesbian sex, suicides, serious and frightening sexual harassment from the prison staff - this show has it all. From the get-go it's obvious the show embraced this new power that TV hasn't had before: an honest, vulgar, and disarming shock factor. Still, with all of the not safe for work content on the show it maintains a quality and sophistication that keeps the audience from fixating on all of that alone. Instead, focusing on the stories of the central character Piper Chapman, the other inmates, and prison staff. The 'vulgar' content becomes essential to the concept of the show, making it hard to imagine that Orange would not have nearly as much power with out it. 

Piper Chapman, is a pretty average woman (except for her brief, yet passionate love affair with a drug-importing girlfriend in her early twenties). Her views and ideas of life closely mirror my own, and made it easy to relate to a situation that most of the audience starts out seeing as impossible. After all, most of these average women watching the show might even second guess how closely they can relate to Piper's experiences. She is a very relatable character, and being able to see prison through her perspective was able to open my eyes to prison life in a way I had not expected. Not as the threatening weird way I prefer to think about it, but as an honest experience filled mostly with normal women who happen to have abnormal experiences.

The most dynamic and interesting part of the show is primarily it's huge cast of inmates. With such a large cast, I expected to only hear about a select handful of inmates and their stories at best - but that isn't what Orange Is the New Black did. Within each episode I learned more about another inmate that 'Chapman' was incarcerated with. Their beginnings and backgrounds, they pathway to crime, and their intentions behind it. A Russian cook with connections to the mob, a kleptomaniac and apologetic junkie, a rough edged lesbian with a privileged upbringing - these stories are what make the show gold. I imagine it is pretty easy to lose focus on the show with all the character development it has, but it presented these people in a way that is coherent and thoroughly entertaining. They rounded out all of the characters so fully and dynamically, that there is hardly a person left in that show who could be stereotyped clearly by the end. They found a way to rely on the stereotypes of prison by disproving them all one-by-one. Not one of the characters seemed to fall clearly in the 'good' or 'bad' category, even though they all had goals and motivations that placed them on a side (however permanently or temporarily). Orange did an exceptional job showing the truth behind the wall or their characters prison persona's, and the truth behind their crimes. 

A breath of fresh air, Orange Is the New Black has a type of honesty that isn't often encountered these days in the Tele-verse. It reminded me of why I love TV: not because it is a bunch of crime dramas or reality TV shows, but because TV is all about quality entertainment that makes its audience laugh, think, and maybe even cry a little. This show is brilliant; so go on and take a weekend to watch it, and don't forget to spread the word.