my husband and I never watched the show before, but I had an injury that left me out of work for a few weeks and my husband took some time off from his job, we spent 3 days binge watching season 1- season 5 pt1 of breaking bad. I love godfather 1&2, tony Montana is a fave character of mine, I've seen goodfellas more than I can count, and I recently saw "the family" in the theater and was very impressed.

so, at least now you all know what kind of entertainment I like. black comedies, drug shoot out, mobster movies. 

anyways... we started off with season 1. it was a little slow moving at first, and I don't think I would have given it much of a chance if it weren't for all the hype. Bryan Cranston (Walter White)embodied Walt very well, I truly felt sorry for the poor guy, even though many times throughout the series I felt as if I was watching a darker version of Hal from Malcolm in the Middle (set included). Skylar white was a forgettable character, leaving only a slight impression of an overbearing nit picking nag of a wife to an already beaten down Walt. Hank the hapless DEA bro-in-law came across as the big talk small brained idiot threat borderline bully to Walt. and then there was Aaron Paul playing Jessie Pinkman. a burnout former student making every possible wrong decision and inadvertently thwarting disaster.

the first couple of seasons I felt pity for the two main characters Walt and Jessie, I was rooting for them to not get caught, be able to turn a profit, or to come out unscathed. it wasn't a gut wrenching plot twisting season, just more of witnessing a journey for these two guys. 

Jessie seemed consistent, who ever wrote him did a good job, not only was he consistent as a junkie, big hearted idiot, but watching his character from start to almost finish was a joy, he progressed, his morals enhanced, he became more cautious more stoic he often did the right thing and knew when to call it quits. there was a defining character arch for Jessie. if any part of the show was worth viewing it was the storyline of Jessie Pinkman (as bland as it sometimes seemed, at least I wasn't disgusted in the character's actions/reactions)

then there was Skylar White, the character of her progressed from a nagging housewife to a cold shouldered biatch sometimes I couldn't tell which was worst Walt or Skylar, her character was not very well written, she was supposed to be a smart woman, but all she came across as was a "do as I say not as I do" brat. helping her boss cook the books of his tax evasion but criticizing her husband for cooking meth to provide for his family. Having her ex-boss bullied to pay his taxes and thus keeping IRS eyes off her money laundering business, but judging Walt for taking out a crime boss who not only threatened to kill her brother in law, but also was a threat to her life and her children's lives. Then sleeping with her boss and pushing Walt out of the house and banning him from their kids. but when Walt started racking in the money while working for Gus then she was happy. it seemed like her character never really arched into anything but an annoying spoiled brat who was appeased only by money. 

and last there was Walt. I really was rooting for the guy, but he was an impulsive egotistical sociopath who never spoke up when he should have and never shut up when he needed to. by the end of watching the show, I just felt that Walt was little more than a self absorbed whiny man who would sob and wet himself if faced with a real threat of dying. (even though he had been faced with death earlier in the series) he wasn't the "badass" the hype of the show had lead me to believe that he was. 

I think the turning point for me was when he got jealous that Pinkman was getting more love from Gus than him, so his natural inclination was to take out Gus, (which was awesome BTW) but before killing Gus, Walt was taken out to the desert to get fired by Gus, Gus gave him a threat, but in no way up to this point was it clear that Gus would have gone back on his word and killed Walt or Walt's family. however Walt went off the deep end (like he always does, he thinks of the worst possible scenario and fixates on that until his actions change the course) in other words most of the incidents throughout the series could have been avoided with 2 things: 1. communication, and 2. Walt not overeating 

all in all I feel horrible I wasted a few days watching this over hyped series. the writing is inconsistent, plots and scenarios change drastically in an unrealistic way, but then with the exception of a few most of the characters never seemed to arch, never seemed to expand. I would have stopped watching if it weren't for the fact that my husband had control over the remote!