This show is by and far, THE most overrated show I have ever seen. The amount of promoting that is done by fans of the show is unbelievably. At first I chose not to watch, simply because I tend not to sway with popular opinions. Then I decided to give the show a chance given its acclaim...

I was severely disappointed after watching the first season and a little concerned as to why I didn't like (albeit feeling guilty). I then proceeded to watch season 2; I was again disappointed in waiting for the big AH-HAH! moment of greatness. By season 3 I was in physical pain and enraged at everything about this show. I hated the characters, the story line and total lack of orgasmic satisfaction that had been promised by fans. 

Like a stubborn mule, I watched the entire series beginning to end; pilot to finale. While I'll choose not to discuss matters pertaining to writing or plot quality, I would like to touch on a few notions categorically:

1) To fans: No, no...this show is NOT as good as or even REMOTELY close to The Sopranos -- please stop dramatically making such drug-induced proclamations. 

2) Every character is so damn hatable, it is actually amazing. I hated all-of-them. (yes including the Walter Jr.) I have never felt physical anger towards characters on any show before BB.

3) Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul have amazing chemistry together and I sincerely hope they work together sometime in the future. Despite my hate for their characters, the acting by these two was quite gripping. Beyond a doubt, Cranston especially has proved his abilities to act beyond comedy. He deserves recognition.

After having completely finished the series, I can't help but feel disappointed. I went in expecting a phenomenal show and ended up forcing my self through its entirety. However, I realized that much of this disappointment stems from the brutal constant over-hyping of the series. But I can't say I will ever re-watch the show seeing as how that would be point-less.

So my sincere advice to any potential subscriber to the Breaking Bad series is, stop; don't watch it. Come back in a few months when the hype has completely died and rid yourself of all expectations if only to give your self a fair chance of un-tainted judgement. 

I do stand by my original judgement, this series does not belong amongst the likes of The Soprano's. To suggest that this show is better would be asinine.