I'm not one to usually give a bad rating on something unless I've observed it with all my might. but this show really is overrated, I'm sorry if that upsets people as so many of them think this show is amazing and have taken it upon themselves to call it one of the best in history, but yet after pushing through to the third season of Breaking Bad, I still couldn't see the appeal. Many of my friends have said it's amazing and it would get me hooked within the first episode...to say that didn't happen was an understatement. 

I really wanted to like it, I really did, but Walter White played by Bryan Cranston portrayed this painful character to watch; He was twitchy and anxious all the time (which I understand because the show is trying to make it as realistic as possible and being nervous comes with the part of playing a drug lord)which pauses me to wonder why Walt couldn't just be cool about it all, he's a rookie, I get that and he has a lot to lose, and I'm not denying him the courtesy of admitting that how he acted was true enough, but why couldn't he just drop out and work in a chem lab somewhere that earns him big bucks? I'm sure a man with his caliber and education could get a high end job, his friend owns a company that was part his, couldn't he have just asked for a job that pays him a lot within the company? I don't know if I'm just being naive here but, think about it. Anyway it was all still frustrating to watch, I felt the writers should have brought out more of his brilliant smart side than focus mainly on the family-man side of him. 

The show had good themes and the plot really never got old speaking honestly, but it's as Walter said, they take a step forward and two steps back, THE WHOLE TIME. I don't think people knew how annoying that was, all I wanted to see was this badass character that was mathematically ingenious and a chem whiz, but unfortunately that was only shown little of. I hated that Walt's genius didn't come out more often and so I got tired of the teasing quite quickly; he would pull this stunt where he figures acid to dissolve bodies, get beans that would poison people, build car batteries from nuts and bolts, make Meth from scratch and you would get this thrill that makes you want to keep watching forever and then bam! his wife calls and the illusion shatters. Speaking of Skylar, that woman drove me mad! although again I understand she was playing the role of a realistic wife, and still I found that frustrating. Her character portrayal was...abysmal. that's all I'll say.

The show in general was repetitive, bad guy, defeat bad guy, make meth, get rich. and then he falls to his demise. so after 5 seasons, Walter gets nothing in the end. Hey producers, just a little shout-out, you want to make this show realistic, right? Realism promotes predictability! If people were surprised by that ending, you'll find me with my face in my palm. 

anyway, to round this up, it was a bad show, that I would have liked to watch had it been more interesting than Walter having an aneurysm every time the DEA mentioned drugs. just sayin'.