Knowing her performance since the first appearance as Dana Scully I had high expectations for this new psychological-profile series with Ireland as background.

Sadly watching it had its downsides. The depiction of actually all adults as corrupted and burned-out, emotionally abusive and selfish-hypocrites was just one too-dark streak in my opinion.

The camera and lighting is crappy, reminding more of found-footage than professionals at work. Everything is dark and gloomy, dirty and derelict in its own way. Everything is actually UGLY.

The great specter, the serial, is another narcissist, craven brute babbling about introversion being identical with ignoring reality, which is NOT true and neither does it make us powerful.

Lolita-Sex, as specter had that teenage pseudo-p*rn girl seduced and indoctrinated, didn't free me from the impression that the aging actors just wanted to take-out their frustration about lost youth on a younger generation. For me it failed because that female teenager is such a misbehaving foolish-c*nt that i care neither about her breasts, nor about her unleashed sermon.

This is no skilled new NOIR, nor is it it anything special. 'Those who kill' had at least a purposely chosen dark humor about it (in the US version) and the Danish or Swedish original was a solid crime series instead. 'True Detectives' was, at least in season one, more authentic about police investigations.

I wondered before how a country being afraid of product-placement can manage to be utterly careless about using prison inmates or patients of psychiatric institutions as actors. It leaves a sickening impact to any mature audience after all.

One aspect of the freaky touch is that is recurrent. People in denial actually admiring and near worshiping the serial instead of hunting him down and locking him away. The jolly and hard-working Irish I met in my real life have never made such a bad impression. But then, this is just my view and it is against the onslaught of high-voters...

But to give you a hint: ANY really good series is repeated in pay-TV before it is dumped into German Free TV. 'The Fall' was not even a Free TV weekend special, but a simple working day filler. ;-)