That this is honestly one of the greatest TV shows to date. 

This is a show that started off as a blonde woman named Piper Chapman who surrenders to the police and hands herself over to a female prison. We see her backstory as the show progresses and we get to know a little more about Piper's Former life and her temporary lesbian desires with Alex Vause who so happened to be in the same prison for the same crime. By the end of season one, I have it an 8, as we only saw a lot of Piper and very little about the other inmates. The acting from all the female characters were amazing, with a few emotional punches to the chest, and the season FINALE between Piper and Pennsatucky was the absolute best, I could not get over it. 

Season 2, we see a bit more of the characters, especially Taystee when her adoptive mother comes into prison. What we see at first is an ungrateful daughter who doesn't want to reconnect with her mother. But then we see the true side and what we see is a manipulative monster who slowly overtakes the prison. An ingenious idea and was executed so well. There were a lot of intense scenes and once again, the season finale was what you'd think be the peak of the episode. Vee was just a cruel, cold-blooded monster with a satisfying death. This brought the 8 up to a 9

Season 3 is when you get to REALLY know the other inmates. Piper slowly backs off as she starts on a "Pantie business". One of my favourite backstories would have to be Leanne's. A junkie who also happened to be an Amish lady. It was a true shock but also showed some depth to a character whom I did not particularly like. And we got to see a relationship progress between Big Boo, a huge lesbian "Dyke"who just loves nothing more than to have sex with women, and Pennsatucky, a woman who was this meth addict homophobe who we absolutely despised. The relationship between these two was just as great as the friendship between Taystee and Poussey. It's amazing to see these two different women who speak completely different languages (metaphorically speaking) come together. By this point Piper starts to act like a thug because she runs a little business that not many people know about. She turns to be slightly bitchy and really annoying. 

Season 4 was where it hits right at home. This season was much more emotional than it was funny. You got to see Piper who tried to act like this thug return to her usual self. You feel the hurt and pain from Alex Vause who recently murdered a hit-man hired by Kubra to go and kill Alex Vause. The emotional stress that she goes through really leaves you feeling emotionally exhausted. The relationship between her and Lolly (Lori Petty) who was an accomplice to the murder is a little unusual but extremely cute and funny. However, the main character that made this show all the worthwhile was Taystee. In the last few episodes she has put on a raw and emotional performance that has brought actual tears to my eyes and have them dripping down onto my computer screen. Her acting was so raw and powerful in this season that it brought my rating from a 9 to a perfect 10! 

So yes, after 4 seasons, I have watched what started off as a simple show about a woman serving 15 months in prison develop into a complex, multi-layered show that has made me laugh, cry and sit on the edge of my sit. It is an extremely witty and emotional show with powerhouse acting from all of the actors and actresses. I look forward to see what else this show has in store for us, and you bet that I will be there to watch the entire thing and remain as loyal as ever.