*Note* I haven't watched everything yet. I have watched the first two seasons and am now catching up on Season 3.

Orange is the New Black is a interesting comedy show set within a female prison. It follows an incredible amount of characters, both inmates, guards and other people working in and around this small minimum security prison.

The best thing about this show is the characters. While Piper (the main character) kind of started as naive and a little stupid, she has grown quite a bit throughout the series. However, I feel that the best characters are the supporting characters, who cover an incredibly wide arrange of personality types, races, religions and sexualities. Some may accuse this show of pandering to certain denominations, but I feel having a more diverse character set allows the writers of the show to explore a more nuanced set of themes throughout the series. However, this isn't consistent with every character, as some characters still fall short of proper development and fill more stereotypical roles.

The writing is mostly decent, and the majority of the strength of the show falls onto the main ongoing plot with Piper, and the small little comedic character moments between the characters. Some side plot arcs with more minor characters can sometimes fall flat and become more preachy. I found Big Boo's story in S3E4 to be especially preachy, with a certain monologue toward the end of the episode where Boo puts her own interests before her dying mother's. Yes, the mother was to an extent homophobic, and Boo herself says she regrets not saying goodbye later in the episode, but I felt that some viewers could take away the wrong message here. That being said, some character arcs are incredibly solid. I remember liking Red's arc a lot, as well as Sophia's arc.

One thing that I really don't like is the music. With the exception of a few licensed songs throughout the show, and the fantastic title song, I really don't like the music in this show. The music is pretty much the most generic low budget comedy show music you can find, and once you notice it, it can break your immersion into the show.

Also, the show is LONG. Each episode is about 1 hour long, and there are 13 episodes per season. A lot of this is filler, and not much happens in the main plot except in the season intro and finale. It's a grind to get through, and if for whatever reason you stop watching, it may be hard to get back into.

Is it the best show on Netflix? Not in my opinion. Currently my favourite Netflix Original is Bojack Horseman followed by Daredevil. However, OITNB does a great job filling a particular niche, with smart and progressive character design, a mostly quality and consistent story, and some great moments. However, if you can't watch it for whatever reason, I can't blame you.