Although the prison theme has been played again and again, this TV show manages to do it in a fresh and interesting way.

All of the cast is almost amazing and delivers almost brilliance. Now I have read some reviews complaining about the sex and some racial aspects.

It is prison people!!! What did you expect!?!? There are gay women of all races shapes and religions and straight women of the same condition! Some of them are nice people and some are not! There are some of the portrayed inmates who are not likable characters, either straight or gay, there are some COs who are likable and some who are not. THAT'S LIFE! You cannot like all of the people and you cannot dislike all the people! 

The show presents all kinds of characters and from then on you decide what you like and what you don't. People in general are not flawless angels. Sometimes they falter and they let us down and sometimes the same people with their words and actions can reverse our opinion of them either in a good or bad way. And that is what is being portrayed here and in soooooooooooooo many other shows before and in the future. But that is the human condition! So don't go blaming a TV show that puts that straight into your face! Some, most in my opinion, people go to prison and come out 100% worse and some, very very few, come out better than they were. 

"Orange" is a very good TV show. The first season was like a general guide tour of the prison life based mostly on humor and the light side of things. The second season got deeper in to the dark side in all aspects. Little by little you learn the background of the characters and you begin to understand the motivations and reasons of their behavior. 

SPOILER!!!!!!! SPOILER!!!!!!! SPOILER!!!!!!! I mean, Pennsatucky had 6 abortions and cause of the circumstance of her crime, in her trial all the anti-abortion people were cheering for her like she was the ultimate defender of all the unborn babies!!!!!! CAN LIFE GET ANY CRAZIER AND WEIRDER THAN THAT!!?!?!?!?!? So, who really gives a rats ass if women have sex with women in a prison!?!?

Prison, if not the lowest, is the one of the lowest facets of our society no matter in which country we live in, no matter if we are rich or poor, black or white, Latino or Asian, gay or straight, male or female, young or old and "Orange" does a very good job depicting it.

In "Orange" life imitates art and art imitates life. It is a very very thin line. It is like the eternal question: Did the chicken make the egg or the egg made the chicken? 

So open your mind, relax, take whatever positive or meaningful message there is to take, understand that not everybody is like yourself and enjoy the very good acting, writing and directing of this entertaining, sometimes sweet, sometimes hard, sometimes likable and sometimes not likable TV show.