Once you get past some of the over the top, made up technology like the holographic display and the computer simulations which seem to predict inexplicably complex scenarios with total accuracy and without any effort at all... this is a good show. Those technological inconsistencies put me off at first but I can understand that they exist simply to speed up the plot and facilitate shortcuts around some of the boring stuff.

That's fine but what I have noticed is that just like the computer capable of calculating the unpredictable... I am capable of figuring out most plots long in advance. In other words: this show is often incredibly predictable. It is still good and everything it's just in virtually every episode you can usually tell who the killer is going to turn out to be pretty quickly. Likewise when there is some mysterious circumstance about the body it too is often predictable long before any forensic investigation technique has provided an answer.

I would consider Castle to be a similar style of show (albeit slightly more over the top in the scale of the plots) but it is generally not as predictable as this show is. I'm only halfway through season 2 but in more or less every episode it isn't hard to make a leap based on logic, cliché or simply common story telling practices which later proves to be true. It rarely seems to throw a curveball by making you think one thing and then going in the other direction completely.

Anyway it is still entertaining and all of the characters are good even if it does have a tendency to talk down to the viewer via things being explained to agent whatshisface that most people should understand. His character is not that stupid and yet whenever there is a word or idea that the writer's are concerned the audience may not understand he is always the one who it is explained to. It's fine with some of the complex medical stuff but 'boolean'? Please tell me the majority of the audience don't need that to be explained...

Conversely though I like the fact that Dr womanface (I am really not good with names) is so socially inept and unfamiliar with everyday pop culture references as I generally don't get any of them either.

Despite the often predictable nature of the plots it doesn't actually get infuriating waiting for them to come to the same conclusion (as some shows do) as the journey getting there is still interesting.