Booth and Bones, Mulder & Scully, and Lyman & Moss. If you got the last reference I am impressed. What do all of these dynamic duos have in common? All have chemistry, so much so that from the first episode on the viewer is always asking…will they or won't they.

In the series Bones, partners Seeley Booth and Temperance Brennan solve murders. She uses science, and he uses his street wit and superior detecting abilities. It sounds sluggish. However, the on screen pairing of David Boreanaz and Emily Deschanel created sparks from the very beginning. Her portrayal of Bones' dry, egocentric wit, and Boreanaz's use of his natural charm mash together into a gooey wanting of coupling. For a while it went back and forth. He loves her. She is attracted to him. Always the subtle references and back handed comments about love, friendship, relationships, and life.

The writers took a leap in probably the worst thought of season finale ever, where they bring two similar character together in Booth's head while he is having brain surgery. It is something we are all trying to forget. Booth has since struggled with these feelings, eventually admitting them to Bones. She brutally tells him that she does not feel the same, and they go off on hiatus for the season.

So now Booth has someone new, and Bones is realizing that she may have let the love of her life slip away, a back and forth.

While the angst is appealing for a while, it is getting rather tedious. The will they or won't they, has gone from what is going to happen, to get it over with already, will you? I think they are adorable, and the show, while steady in the ratings, is inevitably going to falter, and I for one would rather experience them together then have it be the season or series closer.

The charm of Booth and Bones is their mutual respect and witty banter. The cases are interesting, but lets be real. We watch the show for the characters. In the coming episodes they are promoting Booth's impending marriage proposal to his current flame Hannah.

Again, will he or won't he? Are we going to drag this all the way down the aisle, or will Booth come to his senses? Will Hannah get a call to leave on assignment, and ask Booth to go with her? So many cookie cutter choices, what's a writer to do? Don't get me wrong. I like Bones—really liked Bones when the serial killer's head blew off two episodes ago. I like Dr. Sweets, Angela, Hodges, and the ever revolving cast of interns. I enjoy the banter and the chemistry between Booth and Bones.

I like it. I just don't love it.

Amy Romine BellaOnline's Prime Time TV Editor http://www.bellaonline.com/articles/art26762.asp