I was morally disappointed by Sherlock. I have read Sherlock Holmes many times, and although wary of updates, throughout Sherlock (I speak only of episode 1) I enjoyed clever ways in which the authentic Holmes has been mined for data. Eg Sherlock updates the watch from Watson's postmortal brother, to a mobile of Watson's mortal sister. And the term, Rache, thought by the police in the authentic setting (Study in Scarlet) to mean Rachel, is switched to Rachel as the intended clue, not the intended blind. Clever twists, and plenty of clever new deduction. Sherlock & Watson seem to me pretty close to the real deals – although covering up Watson's questionable killing (Watson would fail the Men in Black test) might reflect the moral drop between C19 & C21 setting – the postmodern factor of Relativism.

From the start of 'Sherlock', Relativism was apparent. In today's Correctivist dominion, homosexuality must be post-Wolfenden and actively celebrated, or else. Anyone thinking the concept, same sex marriage, to be an oxymoron, must be name-called 'moron' and shouted down: the emperor is not naked, or we're all nudists here. Sherlock reflects Relativism, and needlessly hammers in the nails. Mrs Watson must fancy that Watson might be a homosexual lover of Holmes, as some café manager assumes. Watson himself asks Sherlock if he has a boyfriend, saying it's fine if he does – Relativism. Watson's sister has, if 'homosexual marriage' is a valid concept (in which case marriage is merely a human construct of convenience and no god sanctifies it – there is no sanctity), 'divorced' the woman she lived with. Presumably divorce is equally fine, and marriage a state contract, not a covenant involving God – as The Beatles sung, Back in the USSR. Relativism assumes we create truth, so logically it cannot condemn crime any more than it can commend the law – each individual has their own 'bag of truth'. If logically consistent, 'Sherlock' must equally praise Moriarty and Sherlock. In fact, since praise, like censure, assumes an absolute, Relativism should neither commend nor condemn, for there is no right and wrong, simply, while convenient, 'human rights', at the whim of whoever gets monopoly power.

This is my disappointment with Sherlock. It's not the homosexualism thing - let those who choose that enjoy, whether morally right or wrong. It's the bigger picture, the propaganda of Relativism, which as C S Lewis wrote in The Abolition of Man, if ultimately pursued has only one logical end, the destruction of humanity. If there is no absolute by which we judge and are judged, there is no moral reason why one with the power should not end all human life, as Alister MacLean's The Satan Bug so cleverly scripted. I fear that Sherlock reflects and therefore reinforces that philosophy: film is propaganda.