Fargo is dark poetry. The themes, the tone, the rhythm, the imagery. This piece of work in its entirety transcends the medium. It is art.

I won't say it is my favorite piece of television drama, simply because "The Wire" got to me in a different way. The Wire had great complex story lines, and it left one with the feeling of having spent time with real people in real places. When the series ended, I mourned the loss of those people. It was an entertaining and life changing piece of television. Fargo is more surreal, but the themes are larger. It takes us beyond real life to a place that would seem surreal to most of us even on a sunny day, but, when the evil begins, we feel as though we are about to fall into a wormhole. There is always an underlying presence of evil, and sub-plots and background machinations - some of which we never get to see in their entirety. Just hints of other times and places (including a reference to Eden!) which constantly reminds us that this is one small story and evil is ever present... Or, is it even about evil? Is it just about nature and survival of the fittest? Animals do what they know how to do in order to survive (the wolf). Is it simply about the animalistic nature of man (note also the constant references to reproduction and looking out for one's "young" in addition to the more obvious survival themes). Or, are the themes loftier - i.e. good versus evil and the value of honesty,and human kindness and what happens to a person when they lose their way..... 

As with the best pieces of art and literature, different people will see different things. The creators, producers, writers, directors, cinematographers, sound editors and actors have created a piece of work which keeps us engaged and enthralled and always teetering on the edge of the abyss. But we never fall in. It is warm and witty, dark and scary, entertaining and sometimes almost unbearable in its intensity. Cold and evil are always present, but Fargo does not leave us depressed. It leaves us somehow loving people. I have never seen anything better than this on television. It is a masterpiece.