Some spoilers for season one.

"Fargo" the series is about Lester Nygaard. He is a "loser" as they call him. They also compare him a lot with his brother. Then one day he meets an old bully, and his two sons, of his. When he made a preparative to hit Lester, Lester ran into a door. Due to this, he had to go to the hospital, where he meets Lorne Malvo. Lorne offers Lester a deal, wherein Lorne kills the bully. Lester agrees with this, and when he gets home his wife starts comparing him again with his brother, and she starts saying that Lester isn't a real man. This is the last straw for Lester. He starts hitting her with a hammer, and kills her with it. This triggers a series of events wherein Lester has to prove his innocence and run from Lorne...

Now that I have told what tho show is about in short I am going to say something more about the directing and stuff. The directing changes a bit throughout the series, and you can spot some differences. But the directing is still very good, every episode. The cinematography is also very nice. All nice steady shots with here and there some aerial. (in the last episode). The music is very nicely chosen, and is fun to listen to. The music made the scary moments darker and scarier than they already were. what I didn't like about the show is that they say in the beginning of every episode that it is based on a true story, first I was impressed by it, because I thought that it was real, and when I saw that it wasn't Iwas very disappointed. The violence was realistic, so was the make up. In the last episode, someone gets a wound at his leg, this looked very real.

The acting was very good. I don't get why everyone says that Martin Freeman played himself AGAIN. I thought that he was very good as lester. And I absolutely loved Lesters character. He was a nice guy in the beginning of the season, but then turned out to be a mean and dark person. The transformation of him being nice to mean was very fun to watch. The antagonist of this story is a very intriguing and scary person. it is Lorne Malvo played by Billy Bob Thornton. he was the best. I loved his character more than Martins. He nailed at being scary. The supporting cast was also very good. My favorite character was Gus Grimley. He was played by Colin Hanks. I liked his character the most, because he was the most relatable to me. He was very good too.

The script was fun and very well written. The dark humor from the movie came back, which was nice. The character development was good written just as the characters overall. 

I would definitely recommend seeing this show. It has a very well written pilot, which makes you want to watch more. The final episode is tens full and concludes the season well.