Earlier this year when True Detectives came out, it was applauded universally for its content, storytelling and of course its direction. A big credit for its success was also given to its stellar cast which included Woody Harrelson and Matthew McConaughey to name a few. The reason I am telling you this is - I think that show was over hyped and when I begin to compare it with Fargo my argument becomes more valid. 

Some might ask, how can you compare 2 completely different story- lines? Well, I agree the story and script are different but if we go a level higher, we begin to see thematic similarities between both the shows. They both contain elements such as dark humor, a deep dive down into the Human psychology and not to mention a strange aura associated with a small town/rural setting far from a cosmopolitan city. Having said that, Fargo scores more on all these aspects relative to TD. The performances are much more believable and on the spot. While TD sometimes becomes too reliant on its conversation b/w the 2 protagonists, the story is fairly straightforward. On the other hand, Fargo has a very tight story line with sharp and concise dialogs that don't dwell unnecessary into theological issues. 

Fargo's beauty lies in the fact that with an unfamiliar story which seems simple at first sight, its real character comes out during the amazing twists and a clever plot thrown in between. Martin Freeman is now an expert in playing 'reluctant' characters. He is already a reluctant Hobbit, a reluctant sidekick to a detective and now he becomes a reluctant criminal here. He has a terrific screen presence in spite of his small frame and I think the way his eye movement syncs with his dialogs, it's simply outstanding. Allison Tohman plays a dedicated policewoman, although not taken seriously by her own boss, is diligent in her work with a never say die attitude. Her character's honest and unwavering nature brings a righteous feel to the otherwise sinful drama. 

The Tour de force without any doubt is Billy Bob Thornton as evident by his nomination in Emmys and other major awards. He plays a drifter who is shown as the source of all evil, but I would rather consider him as a smooth operator with a devilish charm. He is a genius and psychopath at the same time and willing to do anything to achieve his objective. 

Tight script, excellent characterization and an unusual story commands 10/10 for this miniseries.