When first hearing of a Fargo TV series, I did express doubt. The original movie is considered by many as one of the best films of the 1990s. And with none of the original cast returning and the Coen Brothers only coming back as executive producers, I wasn't sure about what they were going to do with this show. Thankfully, Fargo along with True Detective are the two best TV series to debut this year.

The show makes the bright decision of straying away from the plot of the movie, with only a few small tie ins to the original movie. The plot is hard to explain without revealing any spoilers. But it involves a psychotic hit-man ( Billy Bob Thornton), a timid businessman with dark secrets of his own ( Martin Freeman) and two bright, up and comers in the police force (Allison Tolman and Colin Hanks). The acting is amazing in this show. Everyone does a superb job at conveying this "small town" American attitude. It takes influences from other Coen Brothers movies and even takes elements of its quirkiness from Twin Peaks. Without giving too much away, Martin Freeman is sort of the Walter White of the show. Someone who is fairly innocent who is changed by the events that happen around him. Freeman does a great job as does the rest of the cast but Billy Bob Thornton steals every scene he's in. There's just an unease about his character and is one of the most unpredictable characters to come out of TV in a long while. The plot is incredibly engaging and whilst the show does slow down a bit in the middle , the 2nd half of this first season is some of the best TV I've ever watched.

I also have to mention the cinematography as well. It might be the most beautifully filmed series I've ever seen. It does help that every shot outside does feature snow which makes everything look beautiful. But, everything looks amazing. If you have the option, buy the series on Blu-Ray. It'll make everything look so much nicer.

Overall, this is a must watch series and I highly recommend you to watch it. If you love the original movie or any Coen Brothers movie, you're going to love it. If you like crime dramas, you're going to love it. If you like dark comedies, you're going to love it. I cannot recommend this show enough.