Set several years after the film of the same name this series is set in Bemidji, Minnesota and features characters and events not unlike those we saw before. The action begins with a car crash; the driver, Lorne Malvo, is slightly injured and a naked man escapes from the boot of the car and flees across a frozen lake. We are then introduced to the second protagonist; Lester Nygaard, a rather pathetic individual who is still being pushed around by Hess; the person who bullied him at school all that changes though when he meets Malvo in the hospital waiting room. Malvo suggests that he could deal with Lester's problem permanently! While Malvo is doing this Lester goes home and has an argument with his wife during which he kills her. When Hess turns up dead the police chief learns that Lester had been talking about the man in the hospital so goes to pay him a visit; this leads to another death when Malvo shots him. The new chief believes Lester's story about a home invasion but third protagonist deputy Molly Solverson isn't so sure and sets about investigating him.

This is the introduction to the story that will see many more die as Hess's associates from Fargo come looking for the man who killed him; not knowing just how dangerous Malvo is. As Molly's investigation continues she remains unable to persuade her superiors that Lester and Malvo are the killers. Her only real ally is Gus Grimly; a Duluth police officer who backed off when threatened by Malvo; the right move but one that leaves him feeling he might have done the wrong thing. As the series approaches its conclusion the question is: Who is going to jail, who is going to the morgue and who if anybody is going to get to live happily ever after?

Usually TV series based on films aren't as good as the original but this is one of the rare exceptions; the protagonists are all interesting and Molly and Lester's character's develop nicely while Malvo is an ice cold constant. There is a slight link to the film but it isn't overplayed; the locations may be similar but the story is sufficiently different even though we have one weak protagonist caught up in events over his head, a female police officer investigating and a sociopathic killer. The cast does a fine job; Billy Bob Thornton makes Malvo seem genuinely dangerous but without making him a totally unlikeable character and Martin Freeman manages to make us believe the pathetic Lester could develop in the way he does. However the real show stealer was Allison Tolman who played the understated Molly in a way that made her character as interesting as the bad guys. As with the film there is plenty of dark humour and a fair amount of violence; this may put off some viewers but I suspect fans of the film will love it. The conclusion wrapped things up nicely but when it was over I still wanted more; hopefully we'll get another case in frozen Minnesota one day.