Season two of Golden Globe best drama Mr. Robot.

I have to say in my expert opinion that creator/writer/ director Sam Esmail is THE director to follow. He's going to have a successful film career. He's brilliant! This show is only the beginning. And although most of the material in the show, like its style, borrows from other extremely popular and critically acclaimed directors/ writers like M. Knight Shyamalan, David Fincher and the Wachowski twins, it's clear that Sam has really just been influenced by those people and eventually will develop a style of his own. I'm telling you, Mr. Robot is a hybrid art form blending all genres successfully whether through the visuals, the narrative, plot, characterization and cast. You wanted answers to most of what happened in season one, then this season has it: how FSoceity was created, the identity of White Rose and introduces a federal investigation of the hacking of E Corp- which is lead by Dectective DiPierro 9aughter of actress Meryl Streep).

Sam Esmail is a genius at weaving a story/plot following Elliot's journey to becoming rehabilitated member of society. The narrative is told a little differently this season. It also introduces new characters that Sam is keeping us guess about which of those new characters are alters of Elliot. It's difficult to distinguish between Elliot's reality and real life. In this capacity Sam Esmail is brilliant.

This season is about character development. And through the use of stunning visuals and soundtrack, we learn more about the lives of all the members of FSociety and how they interact with each other. During this season we learn more about the identity of White Rose, Angela and Darlene, flashbacks of Elliot's childhood and more about the sadistic mentality of Tyrell's wife, Joanna Wellick. The character of Joanna brings a horror element to the show's overall tone. I have to say that Stephanie Corneliussen personifies femme fatale. She's almost as sick in the head as Annie Wilks. The new characters are African Americans, Joey Bada$$ as the philosophic introverted friend of Elliot and Craig Roberts as Ray- the mysterious ally of one of Elliot's alters. (I will not say more). Special mention to B. D Wong for his ability to portray many personas. I was highly impressed. The guy cycled through three personalities and made them unique enough that you can distinguish them. He does all this using his voice and body language. It's amazing.

That's really all that I can divulge about the plot without spoilers. And I really don't want to spoil anything because the plot is what keeps the viewer on the edge of their seat. It completely pulls you into each situation and oftentimes you have to just watch as it all unfolds. But don't worry. Esmail is the master at filling in the gaps of the plot by leaving us clues in Elliot's memory and hallucinations. Therefore there is re-watch incentive because when you go back and watch the episode again, you learn more.