Admit it now, you have private conversations with an invisible audience. When you compose your thoughts in your mind, you imagine someone listening to your unspoken words and responds to them with an intimate understanding of their meaning. You offer observations, insights, and explanations which serve as rationalizations of your perspective. You may even imagine silent nods of approval, or perhaps questioning glances of dubious thoughts but you persist in this activity because it helps to find clarity within a mind rife with chaotic thoughts that struggle to establish an arrangement of peaceful order and empower your future actions.

Elliot is such a character who engages in this manner with you as a viewer and whose obvious genius is expressed within the arcane world of computer programming and the obtusely revered field of hacking. His skills are demonstrated within the plot as being far superior to most of his colleagues but also in such a stratospheric realm that he is recruited by an elite group of dissident hackers to perform a function vital to their socially disruptive goals.

What has been emerging within the world of entertainment as a stereotype of genius is an accompanying lack of social skills. Doctor House is perhaps the first most successful example of someone possessing an advanced degree of expertise within their field yet being completely inept in their interactions with others in social settings. Doctor Temperance Brennan of "Bones" is another example of such disparity between academic genius and social ineptitude. Each of them is an exceptionally capable and uniquely engaging individual offering viewers an opportunity to both admire their talents and sympathize with their shortcomings. Elliot is the same in this regard but stands apart as a truly unique individual in a manner which emphasizes the nature of such a unique breed of human.

Rami Malek delivers his role with convincing aplomb in a manner which implies his own uniqueness as a being whose profession happens to be an actor. He embodies the role with such naturally awkward grace that I believe he truly does have difficulties connecting with people in real life. Of course, such a well constructed character is formed from far more than acting chops and it is here where the writers deliver their punches.

This story told through the eyes of a misfit is a treat for every thinking human being who questions the rationale of a society burning in turmoil over the many forms of inequity existing in our world today. Especially pleasing to someone such as myself who has become acquainted enough with the world of computer technology to recognize with painful awareness how rare deep insight exists within the world of entertainment fiction which does justice to its representation. The writers have done their homework here. Few outside the world of computer technology could identify what Linux is or what it represents, but the writers go deeper than making a vague reference to a geek's choice of operating system and identify its various flavours in passing conversation. I don't recall any other piece of television or movie entertainment which delves deep enough to identify a relevancy such as a ".dat" file, but the writers here do so in a way which does not alienate a neophyte with obtuse references and instead adds layers of credible dimension to their storytelling.

To my delight as a socially conscious artist, the depth does not end at computer technology but enters deep into the realm of social commentary in a manner which is both insightful and entertaining critique. It is lush with subtle imagery which makes one question whether the company referred to as "Evil Corp" is the actual name of the company or just an extension of the perceptions of the main character of Elliot. Within every scene witnessed through his eyes is a subtle overlay of his perceptions of a world he struggles to inhabit with some degree of normalcy. His drug addiction is measured in precise doses to ensure maximum control over it instead of allowing it to rule his existence.

Although Elliot serves as the story centerpiece, the series is titled after not an actual character, but of a badge worn on the disguise of a uniform worn by Christian Slater who performs in the role of antagonistic recruiter for an underground cause of socioeconomic disruption targeting the major client of Eliot's employer. Christian demonstrates both comfort and joy in a role suited to what I imagine his personality to be like in real life. The rest of the cast of characters has been treated with detail which hints of future developments. Each has been constructed with attention to the subtle details of personality, intelligence, and character hinting at interesting developments to bubble up in future episodes.

This series is unfortunately being delivered painfully in weekly releases when each episode would be better watched back to back in an extended binge session. Nevertheless, it comprises one of my few weekly must watch programs which excite me on the day of each new episode release. The richness of story depth, the subtlety of scene detail, the intelligence of social critique, the insightful exposition upon the human condition, the nuance of character, and the implications of an unfolding conspiracy which promises to surprise as it unravels keeps me glued to a weekly schedule. Although only four episodes have been released thus far, it is a series which easily captured my attention within the first episode and which has offered a degree of entertainment that promises to keep me glued until what I expect will be a satisfying and likely gripping season finale.