I don't think this review contains spoilers, but I put a flag up just in case I missed something.

This show is ingenious. Of course, that's the kind of hyperbole you will often see coming from fans of a show on the internet, but I really do mean it. Our lead will immediately bring Dexter to mind, only if Dexter had been a person with crushing loneliness and the inability to connect (rather than having a recurring urge to kill... something). But in both cases, our protagonist narrates us through the landscape of a world he feels he doesn't belong to.

Dexter, however, kills killers. Our hero (sort of) in Mr. Robot has his sights set on MUCH bigger fish... erasing all debt from humanity's ledger, and therefore, freeing us from the biggest yoke of corporate corruption.

Not surprisingly, there's an evil corporation he's set up against. In fact, E-Corp is literally called Evil Corp by everyone (including their own senior employees). Needless to say, they're creepy as all hell.

Fans of old-time cinematography will have a lot to love in this series. This feels like if Stanley Kubrick had a better sense of plot-pacing, and had been hired to direct Dexter for showtime. Much of the framing of certain shots owes a lot to Kubrick, but not in a bad way. Even the title, appearing in big, stylized letters, superimposed over the action at dramatically relevant times (with the series creator's name in tiny font just below it) hearkens back to the non- flashy title cards some films shot in the 60s and 70s have had.

The show, however, is anything but old-timey. It is distinctly a product of its time: a world saturated with smartphones, laptops, and circuitry. A place where we're always on camera, being recorded, and tracked. A place where our crushing debt is taken for granted as "just the way things are" and where people feel they need to bottle their real feelings up for fear of being blasted across the internet, or worse.

If you've ever felt claustrophobic at our technological state, this show will speak to you. 

If you think that corporations are truly controlling everything, this show will speak to you. 

If you feel like CEOs of giant companies see us as annoying eaters who have little use other than to be cheap biological robots, this show will speak to you.

And if you've ever wanted to stick your finger in the giant's eye, and say, "What now, bitch?!" this show will DEFINITELY speak to you.