The spoilers in this will almost entirely be benign. 

Spoiler free review: Good show, give it a shot if you like the premise.

Spoiler review: The reason I was interested in this was because the description provided by IMDb. Specifically the words "mysterious anarchist" jumped out at me because I'm an Anarchist, as well as having anti- socialproblems and live on computers most of my life. You could say it hit atrifecta with me and thus I was interested, but worried. I was right tobe worried, but my concerns probably wont matter to most people.

I'll start off with the good. The main character is Elliot, played by Rami Malek. I've never heard of him before, but based solely on his performance in this single episode I'm interested in seeing more of his work. He plays the part of an anxious, withdrawn introvert very well. He looks the part and acts the part marvelously. From the looks of things, there's a strong possibility his performance can carry this program for quite a while(in my ignorant opinion).

I really enjoyed the thought put into the characters, the setting, and set up. The techno-babble is kept to a minimum, which I like because then I don't want to have to deal with script writers ignorance(say, by having two people type on the same keyboard at the same time). However, since the whole story revolves around technology, we're going to be subjected to a lot of it. I expect to take it with a grain of salt and not expect too much, but I'm hoping to be pleasantly surprised.

The troubling part is that this TV series is decidedly left wing from the beginning. This bothers me because politics is a large part of my life and if I start hating the message a TV series or movie is giving me, it will absolutely poison the end product.

Much talk is given to Evil Corp, the company that Elliot works for tangentially. Evil Corp is evil because...well, for reasons, I suspect. However good those reasons are, they're not told to us. Instead, we're given a montage of other people doing bad things(Steve Jobs making money off the backs of children) and expected to hate Evil Corp because...they provide a product people want and make money while doing it? What bastards! How dare they do what everyone in the economy does!?

I'm sure later in the series we'll learn they gave people cancer and then sold them a cure or something, but the warning sign is in the poster at the top of this page. "Our Democracy has been hacked!" Has it really? No words are given to the evils of government, the show only talks about the evils of the market, thus leading me to conclude that the government is a hapless victim in all of this. Those poor politicians, they had not choice but to accept bribes and kick backs. They certainly didn't connive to create a system where people with money would have to give them that money in order to keep what they've earned. No, they're just off trying to give money to poor people or puppies while the mean business men are trying to "hack" the government. The government is the victim, the corporation is the evil doer.

Yawn.

I don't expect this to get better. I've been bothered in the past by USA network and their left-wing bias. They always have a message, but I was hoping this time the message would be incidental. Instead, I fear we're going to be seeing a message masquerading as a TV show before too long.