Take Dexter, Person of Interest, Scorpion, a touch of Hannibal, and whirl them up in a blender. What do you get? You get Mr. Robot.

I must be forthright in that I am a professional I.T. person. So the technology we see here is something I am familiar with. I don't know that it makes a difference to most viewers whether it is accurate or not, but I can't help but judge a bit on "exactness," although that might not be entirely fair. The pilot was nothing but impressive in this regard, although it bugged me that Angela didn't know what a rootkit was. But I am mindful that it somehow had to be explained to the audience, and that was one way to do it.

The main character, Elliot Alderson, is like a lot of brilliant people I know. A lot of people I work with every day. After two episodes while they don't really formally diagnose him (unless I missed it), it is pretty clear that our I.T. dude is on the spectrum. He's also a drug user (if not an addict). Morphine seems to be his drug of choice. So he's smart but flawed, and very, very adorable with his big, shiny eyes, feral movements, and quirky smile. I empathize with his life. He's both lonely and alone, and it makes him cry. He has a fish named QWERTY, who he seems to be able to keep alive, so all is not lost with him. He does have social interactions with people who seem to care about him. And he cares about them. 

This is important because in a show like this you have to have at least one likable character, in contrast to shows like Suits (also filmed in NYC), where all the characters are abysmal if not hateful (or worse yet, shows like Graceland where you want to throw something at your TV). Elliot is likable, and it seems other characters are as well (for example, his clueless boss Gideon who in the pilot has a hysterically funny "coming out" scene).

So after two episodes I like this show, mainly because the writing is very clever, the music is good (the 2nd movement of Beethoven's seventh is used beautifully), and visually there is some very neat stuff going on. I really like that sometimes what we're watching shifts into unreality (one of my favorite tropes). The pilot is fantastic. The second episode a little less so in that it seemed slower, not so mind-blowing, and far less brilliant. But these are early days.

Mr. Robot is strongly derivative, and that's why I didn't give it a ten. As I said at the beginning, we've got Dexter (there's a voice-over, Elliot is a vigilante and keeps mementos of his "virtual kills"), we've got PoI (conspiracy theories abound; there's an adorable dog), and Scorpion (do I even need to say it?). Maybe we can even throw Hannibal in there with Elliot's hallucinations - we don't necessarily know what it real and what isn't. Could it be possible that Mr. Robot himself is a figment of Elliot's imagination?

I keep wondering if the derivative-ness is like an inside joke... you know, nudge-nudge, wink-wink, "Say no more." We'll see if the show breaks free of this and starts being more original. I'd like that. But I like it pretty much as it is, too. Dexter, PoI, Hannibal are all favorite shows of mine.