Season 2, in my opinion, has been skyrocketing to infinite. This has been an insane show. Every episode has something completely original to offer in season2. I think the people that do not like the second season aren't so happy with change happening in their shows, that's understandable, but with a massively psychological show like this, you're bound for some serious variety. I think they should expect that. 

In the pilot I could tell that the show would at least EVENTUALLY get weird. and I COULDN'T WAIIT!! I'm just glad it did. I hope it gets weirder. Because it's also super mundane and straight at times, I can't get enough of that, and I know dozens of fans that feel the same way. Keep it up writers!!! Remember, your biggest fans don't usually write reviews. We have no words for our love.

I do understand the frustration from certain people, they're used to consistency, as well as other genres I think. But they're not seeing how this shows variety blends into itself so perfectly. I can't possibly disagree with the direction it's taken. I started to re-watch this show after the 3rd episode of Season 2, because it has been such a wicked ride.

Before the spoilers, I will say (although so damn needless to say) THE ACTING!!!!!!! WHAT?!??!?! THEEE ACCTTINNGG!!! However, I do remember taking longer to figure out Angela's character during the pilot than I took to figure the others. She turned out amazing, and I could see her perfection when I rewatched the pilot recently.

I'll get specific now so there will be suggestive spoilage and some direct spoilers from here on... 

That sixth episode of Season2. HOW BOLD!!!!!! I didn't care how long that sitcom part was because it was written so terrifically. Although yes, every time the segment continued I laughed in a love-hate frustration, it was mind blowing. beyond genius. They pulled that off because it was so incredibly life-like, as in realistically dream-like. Good job guys, that was fascinating.

They must have pre-planned the whole story start to finish already. Because it's unfolding in an immeasurably perfect way. It's contrasting with itself in such an impossibly beautiful manner. I don't even understand my own emotions after I watch this stuff. It's like a religion now (jk Elliot)