At the season 2 premiere: The fight between fsociety and Evil Corp continues as the second season of Mr. Robot kicks off. Elliot (Rami Malek) has locked himself into a controlled routine. He keeps off his computer and only talks to his mother, his therapist, and his friend Leon (Joey Bada$$). Despite his efforts, he struggles to keep away from Mr. Robot (Christian Slater) . The hacker within begs to break out as the new continues to look dire after the actions of the first season.

Darlene (Carly Chalkin) leads fsociety. The group has grown cocky after their initial success, but Darlene knows more than the others and knows they will have to keep working to take down Evil Corp, the bank that is as resilient and disgusting as cockroaches. Angela Moss (Portia Doubleday) now works for ECorp as a press manager trying to manage the situation for the company she once hated. She's given up on her lawsuit and buying into her new position despite scorn from her coworkers.

At the Season 2 Finale: The hit hacker show on USA concluded its second season tonight. Elliot (Rami Malek) continues to live in a delusional world as create Sam Esmail plays with viewers with an unreliable narrator. The biggest twist of this season was spoiled a little earlier by very accurate fan theories, which is why I try not to read too much about shows before the finale. I would highly recommend not continuing to read this review if you don't want the second season spoiled because I plan to write openly about the events of the second season all the way up to the finale.

My favorite addition to the second season was the character Dominique DiPerro and the brilliant acting of Grace Gummer. The show really benefited from her performance and most of her scenes contained plenty of awesome action sequences that took me totally by surprise right at the end of several episodes. Most of these scenes involved intense shootouts that were shot beautifully and ratcheted up the suspense to another level. Another great addition to the show was Joey Bada$$ as Leon, Elliot's fellow inmate who can slice some throats.

The show slowed down dramatically in the second season drawing out the plot and taking strange twists and turns as Elliot moved on from his realization that his father Mr. Robot (Christian Slater) was only a figment of his imagination. His sister Darlene (Carly Chaikin) strikes ou on her own to try and advance the agenda of fsociety but finds herself in over her head. Also, Elliot's childhood friend Angela Moss (Portia Doubleday) agrees to work for the corporation that killed her father, Evil Corp and tries to uncover their awful secrets.

Check out more of this review and others at swilliky.com