I've always been a sucker for Latin American politics but I still didn't expect to find Narcos as fascinating as it turned out to be.

Narcos is the classic study of power corrupting that's been told many times by De Palma, Scorsese and Coppola but it feels fresh when this tale is transplanted to the leadership vacuum of Colombia. 

Pablo Escobar isn't a Ray Liotta character who fell under the allure of crime and turned cold. Instead, Escobar was a man who grew up in an environment where evil was the norm and he just exploited it better than anyone else. Narcos makes the case that Columbia's drug empire was born out of a dog-eat-dog world. Chance is also a key thru-line that runs through the series: It was through mere chance that the "cockroach" surveyed a Chilean death squad and picked Pablo Escobar for his goldilocks qualities (not too murdery, not too soft) out of the three cartel chiefs in Medellin.

Although Escobar fashions himself an anti-hero that seeks to help the poor, there's good reason to think the show doesn't expect us to buy that. Escobar is a destructive man and we're invested in stopping him. It's not a subversive commentary on the war on drugs here: There are characters in this story engaged in drug smuggling (the Cali cartel, the Ochoa brothers) who were not responsible for keeping an entire nation under terror with a constant threat of bombs, corruption, and mass murder.

This is an exciting and suspenseful ride because we want to see the catharsis of the good guy winning.

The show has gotten criticism for the blandness of its heroes but that's OK, because Kevin Murphy is simply an observer to a setting that is anything but bland. The characters that we have the most investment in are the series of government officials who are caught between a rock and a hard place when it comes to negotiating their way through terrorism tactics. That they're secondary and often tertiary in terms of screen time is inconsequential. 

The show has gotten criticism for its narration but I happen to think the narration does the show good because most prestige dramas have a slow burn where it takes a while to get into the action due to the fact that plots are so complicated. I was hooked on Narcos from episode one because so much was explained to me directly. I know that makes me sound stupid and I agree it's slightly cheap to tell rather than show, but that's a small price to pay to get hooked immediately.

Narcos is an engaging and fascinating ride.