Narcos is the story of the rise and fall of the Columbian drug cartels from their beginnings in the early eighties and onward with the first two seasons focusing more on the king himself, Pablo Escobar, the infamous King of Coke and for a time one of the most rich persons on the f*!*g planet.

Although the series at times condense the events, the main story isn't hurt by it and as a series about real-life crime goes, is faithful to the source material and at the same time be a good and enjoyable television program. And as with City of God, Casino and other movies and series after the Goodfellas, they use the tricks learned by this historic crime drama in order to tell a good story and show of the reality on the ground of those who lived during this troubled time in Columbia.

To the actors, all are great in their roles, and it was nice to see again Oberyn Martell in dealing with a corrupt and difficult environment ,with out his head being crushed. But Wagner Moura as Escobar himself, stole the show, he was as close in appearance and attitude to the real person and I will say it ,after I finished the series I am a bit afraid of over-weight individuals, for every time Escobar was on screen I didn't knew if he was going afterwards kill someone, play with his kids, be a loving husband or a total psychopath. But in all honest to Mr. Moura I think you are a great guy ,please don't kill me!!

As for the environment, was cool that it was 95% at the time in Columbia and the block of the conversation in Spanish. This is the first Spanish-speaking series that I genuinely liked as hell, and coke ( say no to drugs in reality), what an amazing substance, a whole country was burned and its people slaughtered for that drug. Wow that escalated quickly, I mean it really got out of hand,guys!

As for the violence is painful to watch and when someone is hurt, it isn't like dumb Hollywood action of the type "I am shoot 100 times in the head and with some beer and a night-full of sleep, I am OK" no he or she is in great pain and you feel that their lives are in danger. Also the way that this "war" is portrait doesn't make anyone look grateful, just or glorified, is messy, wild and at times you want the War to end ,if not for any other reason ,then just to end with no regard who won.

If you know nothing of the war in Columbia against the cartels then this is the considerably good choice to learn the basics and watch a non-English crime series with a quality equal to its English counterparts. And to anyone who disagrees Plata o Plumo.