I felt the need to review this show because it's still somewhat underground. I'll be honest in saying I do not enjoy most television shows or movies because of copycat concepts and clichés, and I'm awarely ignorant in the sense that I will not watch anything that hasn't been critically acclaimed or recommended. This show, however, surpasses the quality of many others, and by far.

On a general level, the aesthetic is superb. Everyone involved successfully does their part at capturing and conforming to the Birmingham lifestyle of the late 1910s and early 1920s. From the industrial environment, to the grungy characters, the dark formal wear, the raging alcoholism and chain-smoking, the loud rock music (and sometimes beautifully calm tracks), this show nails it all.

But where it truly excels is with its writing and the actors' performances. Admittedly, I haven't seen many films with Cillian Murphy, but based on his interviews, he doesn't seem like the type of individual who would be able to relate to this role. Despite that, he seems to become entirely lost in the character of Tommy Shelby and he consistently pushes the boundaries as the writing develops. His character effortlessly shifts from a calm, intelligent individual with a cold stare to an enraged animal. And even though we know his character isn't a good person by any means, we tend to like him and sympathize with his struggle in most situations. He's a likable badass, and the same can be said for most of the Shelby family who each have very clearly defined characteristics.

I've read some other reviews in which people said the writing was ridiculous or the relevance to real history wasn't accurate. I respectfully disagree with these reviewers. After you've seen so many terrible popular shows, you can't even consider the bulk of this show (15 episodes) out-of-line or ridiculous. Keep in mind, unless you're watching a documentary, you will never see a show that's more than half true to history. 

Easily an 8-9/10 because nothing ever deserves a full 10. Go watch it.