When I initially began watching this show I found it to be somewhat enjoyable. There were a few funny dynamics and some of the cases encountered were fairly interesting. However, as time went on I found the show to become increasingly more gimmicky and unrelatable. Each new episode involved the team to investigate a murder that occurred in some new niche that was far too extreme, in my opinion. The people didn't feel like real people, they were all defined by a single trait (artisan businesses, mole people, Amish life). 

It all felt fake. Especially the "lovable" characters of our investigative team, or "squints." Characters were given specific traits at what was convenient for the writers. Bones will be ultra- competitive, but it will be only noticeable in this episode. Or the death has something to do with something fairly obscure? Don't worry, this character has some background knowledge on this for no reason whatsoever. There just is no consistency in the characters. What made the whole thing worse was the inclusion of the interns in season 3 or 4(?) which only served to be a gimmick. It gives you the depressed one, the cocky one, the country one, the super smart one; extremes that just don't exist in the real world. And each one will have a dark back story for the purpose of drama that will just distance the characters farther and farther from the real world. 

After realizing how incredibly ridiculous each character was, I chose to stick it through and just watch this show for what it is; a crime show. Watch the squints as they solve crimes through complex and interesting cases. But then there was an obvious pattern. Unlike most crime shows which shows how a series of events lead to capturing the killer, Bones provides a much simpler solution. Booth and Brennan will investigate and investigate until they find a small detail in the bones (a nick or grooving) that they somehow hadn't noticed until the last ten minutes of the show that miraculously solves the case for them. The first fifty feel pointless because of this.

Suffice it to say, I did not find this show enjoyable and can barely get through an episode anymore without finding it completely ridiculous. Every few seconds I feel myself groaning or laughing at how impossible it is.