With no hesitation, I can jump straight to the point to say that Law and Order: SVU is the top show to have ever been on television. I have never been obsessed with a certain thing/show for so long. Since age 12, I have continuously watched this show, as it is recorded on my TiVo set. I have viewed every episode, and with that, can truthfully say that Law and Order: SVU is a show like no other. The show is based around a police squad in New York called Special Victims Unit. SVU mainly handles sex related crimes and crimes related to children. Going on the 13th season, the squad continues to heal and save lives, while putting these offenders away.

Elliot Stabler (Christopher Meloni): Elliot comes off as a typical detective who is family man. However, the further you get into the show, the more you learn about his true feelings. Elliot has a wife and five kids (Maureen, Kathleen, Dicky, Elizabeth, and Eli). During the middle of the show series, Elliot experiences issues with balancing his time consuming job with his family, and is forced to make some difficult decisions. Elliot also has anger management problems. He gets in trouble with his supervisors many times for his anger and has been required to see counselors throughout the show. Regardless, he still exhibits a gift and goal of saving civilians. Elliot has been in every season, except this current 13th season. Even though the show is still great, I feel that it may have lost somewhat of the connection with the audience. Elliot was a character that many people favored and could relate to. 

Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay): Olivia is a main character and has been on the show since season one. She was Elliot's partner. Olivia is a product of her own mother's rape, giving her a more personal connection with the job. With that, throughout the show Olivia is seen dealing with knowing the kind of person her dad is and how she knows that she can help stop others, like her father, from attacking other people. For most of the show, Olivia is the one of the only female detectives and is usually better with talking to female victims. Instead of pushing her life towards getting married and having a family, Olivia is completely focused and dedicated to her job as a detective.

John Munch (Richard Belzer): Munch is the most opinionated character on the show. He is an older man who has been divorced 4 times and has given up on finding love. He is Jewish, but is not close with his family. Much does not bring up his family too much, but within certain episodes you learn the truth about his relationship with his father. He has more secrets than the rest of the characters, but is able to place any conflicts aside when needed to. 

Fin Tutuola (Ice-T): Fin is newer than the originals, but has been on the show for many years. Fin did not grow up in a good part of the city, therefore, his knowledge on certain aspects of those parts of the city help with many cases. He is divorced, because of the time he spent undercover on a previous job. Fin's previous job had kept him away from his family enough to have them leave. Throughout the show, you see Fin run into certain occasions with his son who is in college. His son resents him but is responsible to help out if questions or advice is needed in a case (usually involving college situations). Fin does not talk about his love life at work, therefore, you usually won't hear anything about Fin's current dating status. Fin had trouble adjusting to the squad at first and often got into conflicts with Elliot, but later in the series they begin to get along. Fin shows a different side to the squad, from his knowledge and experiences in the city. 

Don Cragen (Dann Florek): Cragen is Special Victims unit supervisor. The characters usually just refer to him as Cragen or Captain. He is almost like the 'dad' of the squad. He is a recovering alcoholic, who deals with the grief of his wife's death years before. But the captain uses these experiences to give advice and help his detectives. The captain often will bend over backwards to protect, or cover, his detectives when they have made a mistake. He does this because he know he has a good squad and has good faith in each of them.

Nick Amaro & Amanda Rollins (Danny Pino & Kelli Giddish): Both of these characters are new to the show, therefore, I have not made a full opinion on either of them yet. Also, I have not gotten too much time to get to know either of them well. I am an Elliot Stabler fan, so the fact that he left the show and now they are on it bothers me. From the recent episodes I have seen, it does not seem like the actors are affecting the show in the way I predicted. With Much, Olivia, and Fin still there, the new actor and actress will soon enough become part of the family. 

This show is unpredictable. Each episode has a completely new story behind it, with these detectives working and solving the cases. One of my favorite parts about the show is the fact that you have no idea what is coming. One episode could end exactly how you predicted it to, another the complete opposite, or it can end unanswered and let you decide for yourself. After five years of watching this show and successfully seeing every episode, it is safe to say that this show is my addiction. That being said, I highly suggest this show to any individual that likes mystery and suspense, along with following the stories of these characters listed above.