This is one of the best shows on television.

Elliot and Liv could easily date and not ruin the dynamic. 

Many strong-willed, physically athletic, quite intelligent brunette women on television suffer from stunted emotional lives and incredible isolation. The woman who suffers from overcommitment to her job and a dearth of dating options or friends apart from her colleagues is becoming the cliché of the forty-something generation.

Liv and El could date without ruining the dynamic of the show.

Please listen to me. I need some role models on television who can be smart AND sexy, attractive AND badass, happy with their careers of choice AND fulfilled in their personal lives.

I do not believe that a woman must choose between her job and her ability to have healthy friendships or a loving partnership. 

The fact that Olivia has been through h*** far more often on this show than any human being reasonably can be expected to survive has been much remarked upon on the boards. Please take this into account, writers, and give the poor woman some happiness, hmm? Perhaps no one has ever escaped this show "happy" per se, but few if any characters have ever faced the depths of despair this one has, with great grace.

Oh--and also, the show's becoming a bit of a boys' club and has been that way for too long. I really liked it when two of the investigating detectives working for SVU were female, and I really for the record miss that original female detective who left after only a year. 

Please consider integrating a female detective rather than counting on a female DA not offered the opportunity to commune with others on the show and thus not able to develop much of a personality to carry the feminine-powr! torch. P.S. The people who think there's too much Olivia on the show are wrong, but if y'all don't start giving her some less depression story lines, even Mariska Hargitay's acting won't keep me interested in what happens to her.

I do not want my television screen filled up night after night with women who feel forced to choose between these two goals and wind up sacrificing their personal life to their professional one.

Rather than coming off like a grown-up woman who has made peace with her past, Olivia seems like a career apologist to her mother for her existence. Rather than coming off like an independent woman capable of surviving on her own but happy with the knowledge that she does not have to, Olivia seems bitter, angry, resentful, and lonely.

I do not want to watch my strong role model become a bitter old maid. I as a viewer and someone who has suffered way too much in my own life deserve better.

As incredible as Mariska Hargitay is, I will stop watching this show if the writers do not manage to do better.

My thanks for what you have managed to do with this show, which is to shed light on sexual abuse and rape in ways no other show has been willing to do. Your victims are ugly, depressed, upset, and REAL, not the stylized beauty queens featured on CSI who seem made only more glamorous by whatever pain they have endured. Real pain is not beautiful, it is as ugly as the emotional repression of the ugly-hearted men who have caused it. Thank you for being willing to show that. I will be forever grateful to this show for what it has accomplished, and that is much more than anyone else has managed to do.

You have helped make this world more of a heaven--and a haven--for people like me; you have done so for everyone, really. I have a dream...