Hawaii 5-0 is a old show that was popular back in 1968-1980, and now there is a newer version of it that is a current, popular TV show today. It is full of entertainment, and I can assure you that you will never get bored of it, plus it will always interest you. This show includes intense situations and characters. The main character is Steve Mcgarrett, who once was a Navy Seal, and now is a leader for the Five-0 task force. The Five-O task force gains members as the show goes along but their are five main characters. (Steve, Danny, Chin, Kono, and Lou.)

In this show, most of it's about dealing with a case, but some of it has to do a lot with peoples outside lives and their families. For example Danny Williams has a daughter and an ex wife, and they fight over who takes the daughter with them because the ex wife is moving to someplace else far away. Steve also has things to deal with outside of his job involving his Father's death, and he tries to find the man who killed his dad and get revenge on him. His partners that he works with often try to help him find the man also, and when they do it leaves an entire new situation to deal with. 

Danny and Steve have a good and bad relationship with each other. Sometimes Danny will get heated for several different reasons, one being because Steve never lets him drive his own car when they are working a crime scene which is ambiguous. Although, often times they will do something that saves each others lives, and they respect each other a lot after that. Danny isn't a big fan of the palm trees and ocean breeze so this makes him a little more grouchy. Even though Steve and Danny get into some altercations, I would say they both are thankful to have each other as friends and workers.

Steve will never let anything go or stop him, so he will deal with something until it is solved and over with. There may be a crime scene that could go on for an entire season or maybe even longer. Also, a lot of times a criminal will keep coming back into the show, and the Five-O members usually have to keep dealing with the criminal. They will either escape prison or some how they will be released by the prison, because a partner of the criminal will make a threat if he isn't brought a person that they want that is in jail. Steve finds out later in the show that he is actually step brothers with a criminal that is very dangerous, and he keeps committing crimes. They can't seem to lock him up forever because he keeps escaping because he has partners outside of jail that help him get out.

It seems to make a lot of sense that this show would be hard to stop watching, because it has a lot of scenes that some people can relate to. It also never has to much of one thing going on, so it can be for anyone that wants to get into the show.