OK, I'm 56, I saw the original show when it was on prime time and I even grew up at Queen Emma Gardens in downtown Honolulu, i.e., I'm an old fart fan of the old show. Them's my creds and my advice is to ignore the reviewers here dissing the show because it isn't like the original.

I think this is a great reboot. This show is *not* made for the old farts who watched it way back when and are pining for the fjords, this show is made for a 21st century audience who has the vague knowledge of an ancient pop-culture icon that had a decent theme song. If they had made a show identical to the original I would have probably turned it off half way through. This show is ideal for the holy grail 25 through 45 year old demographic. In a way it reminds me of the good job Bad Robot did with Star Trek 2009, where they rebooted a mid 1960s TV show for a 21st century audience. Face it folks, action, quick cuts and tight editing are here to stay. As far as some of the elements people have been bitching about like the governor offering full immunity to his group, so what? Makes for a fun show which also does not take itself too seriously. It's a fine line to walk, but the writers did an excellent job in the pilot.

With a small ensemble cast, this is going to work out as an addictive action/buddy show because the leads have the energy and the charisma to pull it off. I'm also excited because this episode was quite good and it was only the pilot. Oftentimes the show gels between the pilot and the follow-on episodes since there's so much time in-between to refine it, incorporate feedback and develop even more on-set chemistry between the actors. As far as character development I don't know whether some of the reviewers here have been living in a cave but television shows today employ a story arc across several shows to flesh out the characters. I hate nothing more than (for example) the L&O model of tacking on a personal life to the crime drama as an afterthought versus the tight integration between crime drama and personal life that is found in shows like Numb3rs and In Plain Sight.

Frankly, I don't know what reviewers here are complaining about since we're actually getting a detailed origins story up front, which the writers didn't even bother with the 1968 original. As far the relationship between Steve and Danny goes, and going with the origins theme of the pilot, you're looking at two individuals being thrown together for the first time. Respect has to be earned if it's supposed to mean anything and it allows for more, not less, character development later on. I also like the more combative Danny in this version as I always thought the old Danny was more of a doormat. Heck, even MAD magazine made fun of Danny. Don't get me wrong, James MacArthur's Danny was well acted, but that version of Hawaii Five-O was written about and around one person... Jack Lord as Steve McGarret.

*Spoiler Part*: As others have mentioned, the bad guy's body isn't recovered. Yep, it's called story-arc (remember the key he found in the tool box?), he'll be back and I'm wagering it's the windmill McGarret is going to be tilting at this season. All in all, I'm very much looking forward to the next episode.

By the way, speaking to the post-55 demographic: You have decent viewer numbers, so you if you want your old timey shows, then you're going to need to pony up the money and buy what sponsors advertise, that's the only way you'll get respect.

Book 'em on my DVR, Dano.