I just recently started watching this show, and really liked it. Yeah, it's got some unrealistic parts... but when was the last time we watched a TV show that was realistic? It's more realistic than most, and it's got an interesting plot, with some really kick-ass actors.

The name that drew me into watch this was Katey Sagal. I was a huge fan of Married... with Children, and from the different things I'd heard, I felt I had to watch her in this. And I was right. Her character is amazing. Maybe it's just the bitchy attitude coming out, but she makes me laugh.

But, I was surprised at the acting of a few people I had never heard of before. Kim Coates (who I guess is a big actor in Canada), Tommy Flanagan, and Mark Boone Junior, for instance, were amazing. Part of it was that they were good actors; the other part was that these characters -unlike so many today -are human.

They all have flaws. They all make mistakes, do some screwed up things (Tig's little speech about necrophilia for instance...), and are more than a little screwed in the head sometimes, but they're still over-all good people. Not perfect people, but realistic people. People with flaws.

Now, that being said, the glowing part of the review done... Charlie Hunnam bothers me. Not sure if it's his acting, or a poorly written character, but since everyone else seems to pull it off, I'll assume he's just a crappy actor. His swagger in the first season made me cringe, and all I could think of was the 'gangsters' who walk like they gotta take a crap. His lines are delivered either in anger, or sarcasm. There never seems to be any other emotion. Even when he tries, it comes across angry or sarcastic. 

Still, definitely worth watching. No, it's not the most realistic thing in the world, but it's still a good watch.

Oh... a little PS... For all the people saying that 'real bikers' wouldn't act this way or that... Are you a real biker? No, I'm not saying necessarily that they would act like they do on the show... But I love people who complain about a certain group not acting a certain way, while they're not part of that group. Like up-town Manhattan liberals complaining about how hard it is to be black in the south. Just a little side note.