Due to my involvement as an Op in an irc chat channel where the other Ops are American I have been introduced to a number of US TV series. Having recently 'binge watched' Justified one of my US friends suggested I tried Sons Of Anarchy. Not being a fan of bikes and bikers I wasn't sure if I'd be able to stay with a series with this as the main premise but Boy was I wrong!!! I was hooked within a few episodes and proceeded to watch all 7 seasons in about 8 days. By the time my 'mega watch' ended I really cared about the central characters even though they were basically violent, amoral and psychotic.

They perform criminal acts and many episodes are violent, very violent, to the extent that Game of Thrones is almost a kids tea party in comparison. But it works!! As I said the central characters are amoral but so are most of the people they are in contact with and they do actually have a pretty strict code of conduct but it's based on the kind of world they inhabit, not the normal, cosy world many viewers will be familiar with. The primary motivations behind many of their actions is to be totally loyal and to protect their 'family' and this is not just their own relatives but also the Sons Of Anarchy club itself. This overwhelming commitment to 'protect their own' is a strong thread throughout the show and I got drawn in. I found myself accepting much of what they did as I understood the reasons behind it.

They make mistakes, get the 'wrong end of the stick' on occasions which leads to appalling acts of retaliation that the viewer knows are unjustified as we know more than the gang do - but I still maintained my affection for this bunch of misfits.

One reason, I think, is that over the seasons the main characters are so well fleshed out, with their own unique personalities and foibles, that you really care that they get out of whatever the current situation is but at the same time you often have a sense of foreboding as to what their actions will lead to.

I read some of the user reviews which were less than flattering and in every case the writer had only watched one or two seasons at the time of writing. So many of the comments are incorrect such as 'they always get away unscathed' etc.

They don't! There are many sequences that stay in the mind long after viewing and many of those are because of the use of some incredible songs used as a backdrop to the visuals. As I don't like spoilers I don't plan to elaborate but I will say 'The Lost Boy' and 'Come Join The Murder' are two songs that remain in the memory long after the episode they were used in has ended because of the way they are used with the visuals.

By the time I'd completed the final season I was genuinely sad that was it! I wanted to know how they got on in the future but by making me feel like this the writers have done their job.

If you're are squeamish or have unflinching moral values this might not be for you but for anyone else I really would recommend giving it a try.

I am so glad I did!!!