I am a relatively new fan of the sons, but I have to admit I am completely addicted. The deep ongoing plot lines that keep you guessing right up until the season finale combined with the random twists complications that arise make Sons of Anarchy. The acting is stellar by anyone's definition, and the characters all have well defined personalities that are never compromised. So yeah, I absolutely love this show. But the reasons I just listed are not the only ones.

Currently I am taking a college course on modernism, and as I watched Season 2 of SOA, I could not help but notice the symbolism that permeates this show. For those who aren't familiar with the subject, modernism is basically a social movement that was sort of a knee-jerk reaction to the failures of institutions like the government and the church prior to approximately the seventeen hundreds. This knee-jerk reaction resulted in a complete change in the way our societies operate and the things they value. I saw this starting to take place toward the end of season one, when Clay and Tig bought Stahl's lies and tried to rub out Opie, with the assassination attempt landing Opie's wife, Donna. Jax and Piney later find out about this huge mistake and are livid about it. They both realize a change needs to be made, and they both turn their backs on the power and authority that has ran SAMCRO for decades, looking to the teaching's of Jax's birth father, John Tellar for guidance. The ensuing conflict between Jax's vision for the club and Clay's desire for the club nearly tear SAMCRO apart, just as the world sometimes has over conflicting views on how to run things.

Another more personal thing I notice is the struggle within Jax. You can tell as the viewer that a part of him sincerely wants to be a good father to his son, Abel and a loyal and loving companion to his girlfriend, Tara. However, he was raised in the MC world, and he cannot turn his back on the life of crime he leads with the club. He is comfortable with that life and it is the only life he has ever known. He cannot make the two lives coincide with one another, so eventually he is going to have to choose. As a Christian who did some really stupid things and enjoyed living a life filled with all kinds of evil prior to my conversion, I understand this struggle. There are still days where I sometimes think about going back to the life I had before, because sometimes it just seems easier and more comfortable than the life I am leading now. But as a Christian, I found something that keeps me from going back, and that is my relationship with Jesus. For Jax, I don't know what it will be, but I do hope he finds what he is looking for, just as I do for the rest of you.