Some shows just don't sound that interesting, and I admit when I heard about this new show, featuring an outlaw motorcycle club, I wasn't interested. Similar to shows like Breaking Bad, Sons of Anarchy gained it's reputation by word of mouth. Once word got out about just how well written this show was and how deep the character development was, it gained a following, and by the end, it was one of the highest rated shows on cable.

For over 20 years, SAMCRO (Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club Redwood Originals) and Sheriff Wayne Uncer (Dayton Callie) have kept the small town of Charming California safe, a suburban paradise in an otherwise corrupt world. A series of events start to change all that, and SAMCRO is forced under the microscope. A shift in attitude, an ambitious young sheriff, and the ATF all threaten to destroy Charming and SAMCRO. Left with few options, the club must form new alliances and carry on business as usual if they hope to survive.

I'll be the first to admit that I was wrong about this show, I just couldn't wrap my head around it. How could a show about a motorcycle club be any good? It turns out that it was more than good, due to a combination of complex characters and tremendous writing. No one would have ever imagined just how in depth and shocking this show would become, and it's a real tribute to Creator, Kurt Sutter, who always had another trick up his sleeve. Just when it seems like there is nowhere else to go, the show changes direction, characters change, and the story evolves. Sons of Anarchy seemingly gets better with every season, but it's not just due to the writing, it's the actors themselves.

Sons of Anarchy has some of the best writing I've seen in a television show and the characters (while on the surface are nothing more than outlaw bikers) are so complex and interesting that I was hooked after just a few episodes. This show is as addicting as it gets, because everything seems to fall into place and it just work. From the casting, to the comedic moments, there isn't anything about this show that I could possibly complain about, as it earned it's reputation for being one of the best shows on cable. Sons of Anarchy, if nothing else re-enforces the old theory that you most certainly can't judge a book by it's cover.