The writing and the acting in this show set it apart from 99% of other television shows and movies. While no show is perfectly written or filmed, this one is far and away better than nearly everything else. Why? Several reasons, but here are a couple. 1- More than any other drama I can think of, SOA avoids resorting to highly contrived scenes and plots. How many crime or action shows have LEO characters attempt to clear rooms with their guns held at arms length as they walk through doors and around corners without first clearing blind spots? This kind of forced stupidity absolutely strains credulity and like other viewers I hate it. Only lazy, stupid jerks write scenes like that. They assume viewers are idiots and won't notice how forced and phony the writing is. Apparently this is an old favorite method for building suspense, for giving viewers that "uh oh, something bad is about to happen" feeling. But such writing is transparent and insults the audience. 

SOA writers didn't do that. Their writing was almost always realistic in those areas. Sure, the characters in the show are unusual, but their behavior is believable. 

In the same way, the writers did not resort to making most characters emotionally labile as the majority of other drama writers do. There is plenty of emotion in the show, but it is developed realistically, and most of the characters have a normal amount of emotional maturity, so the viewer is able to relate to and go along with it. 

There is a lot more to be said for this show of course. But I was and am extremely pleased with the realism of the writing, and also of the acting. 

One more thing which makes the show so believable and good: it was not another vehicle for "political correctness". The writers avoided all that phony thinking and speaking. In one episode a SOA member remarked that he had taken his son out of T ball because every member of every team was given a winner's trophy. As normal people in real life do, he recognized that the school's attempt to eliminate winners and losers is harmful to children. Far too many TV shows appear to be vehicles for promoting "PC" nonsense like that. SOA was not one of them.