After being thrilled by Daredevil, and also enjoying the Jessica Jones series, I headed for a binge session of Luke Cage with some trepidation. I thought it very possible, that like Suicide Squad, and Batman vs Superman, the hype could have been too much. It wasn't. In fact, the series isn't hyped enough.

Setting the stage for this series, the feeling of the authenticity of a black community had to be explored, and this was done via two vehicles - the music and the barbershop. The barbershop was a focal point for reflection. Most of the action happened away from there. There were references to real life events of Harlem, so even though the series championed always going forwards, it also looked back.

Because there were so many characters, it was impossible to flesh all of them out. But with the important ones, layers revealed more of each person's journey. This was done quite well, although some characters did seem a bit too one-dimensional for my preference.

The action was good, but in some episodes it was a little sparse, and in one or two episodes, it seemed there was hardly time to for me to make a coffee, before a jump to another conflict. So the pacing was not even, but it was certainly acceptable. 

Rosario Dawson brings a tension to the series and the personal interplay is something that I liked a lot. She was my third favourite actor in the series. Alfre Woodard was just superb. It was easy to love her, and to hate her. Her performance was the best in the series. However, Alfre Woodard was my second favourite. But Mike Coulter was truly amazing. He upped his game from Jessica Jones to be the full lead, and he was brilliant. His character of Luke Cage was played at a perfect pitch. Strong yet hesitant, disinterested and disenfranchised, he changed to become what people were secretly hoping for.

Sadly, none of his enemies were strong enough in my opinion. Even though its known that he is not as strong as Spiderman, and is not fast, he does need enemies that define him more. I think these may have to be created from scratch, as his historic enemies from the comic are not the challenge that he really needs.

I have read other reviews of this series, and those that don't seem to like it, seem to be the same people that anonymously call black people *Harambe* on Twitter. If you're black, you will probably love this. If you have black fiends that you view as equals, you will probably love this. If you think BLM is evil, and most black people want handouts, and deserve to be shot without question by the police, then you will not like this TV series at all - too many black people. Its paints a positive picture of black people, as rounded, whole and secure. Some people will react badly to that, no matter what.

For the rest of we TV superhero fans, its one of the best things ever! Bring on series 2.