Luke Cage is Marvel's latest Netflix television show that connects with Daredevil and Jessica Jones and continues along the path of its predecessors by mixing a dark, complex narrative with well-developed, relatable characters to create an overall entertaining show. The great thing about Marvel is their ability to craft a movie or TV show about equally different characters and have a separate genre on display in each one while having the same, general feel to them. For example, they have a political thriller in The Winter Soldier, a psychological thriller in Civil War, a comedy-heist in Ant-man, and a space saga in Guardians of the Galaxy, just to name a few. This show is no different, as ultimately it is a crime drama that throws an enhanced individual into the lives of everyday people in Harlem. Luke Cage benefits from being a crime drama as it wonderfully suits the black culture in Harlem and gives you a fresh perspective of the MCU.

One criticism that I have heard and read from many people is that the show is "too slow" and "doesn't have enough action". My argument against that would be that not all great shows have to be fast-paced to still be good, which is exactly the case for Luke Cage. One of the advantages in this show is that the writers and directors take time to develop the characters, their motivations and relationships with others, advance the plot, and provide a worthy backstory. Sometimes, even in the MCU, supremely written and acted dialogue and an intricate story can be more compelling and thought-provoking than a super-powered adrenaline rush (case in point: Jessica Jones). The main focus is on the characters, their development, transitions, and motivations, and how their choices will affect the story. And not only the protagonists are examined and get their time to shine, but the villains of the show are equally displayed and provide for thrilling and terrifying entertainment. To justify the complaint of a lack of combat is not only superb writing and acting but also some impressive action scenes. Granted it is tough to create action sequences like those in Daredevil when the hero is not only bulletproof but doesn't really have any style of fighting. However, the directors pull it off effectively and with ease, and although it seems repetitive at times, the result is truly epic. 

This review would most definitely be lacking if a reference of the musical score was not mentioned. The musical score is truly tremendous. Each episode is filled with non-stop tunes from black culture that really set the mood and tension in each scene. From jazz and the blues in the dialogue-free and lighthearted scenes to hip-hop brawl moments to an incredibly well-placed rap by Method Man, this show honestly delivers with its musical setting. Some people say that they would like to hear music like this in Daredevil, Jessica Jones, etc., but the real reason the music works so well in Luke Cage is because of the setting and tone that has been set forth. Further, a nightclub in Harlem in the show is where most of the music originates, so it wouldn't make sense for separate shows like Daredevil and Jessica Jones, with their own unique sense of style, setting, and tone, to have the constant music that is present in Luke Cage. 

The next topic I would like to discuss are the multiple villains. There are three main villains of the show: the supposedly care-free but creepily dangerous Cottonmouth, the corrupt, double-sided politician Mariah ("Black Mariah") Dillard, and the mysteriously aggressive leader Diamondback. Now, most of the time TV shows and particularly movies do not benefit from the inclusion of multiple villains. This is quite the opposite for Luke Cage, as you slowly meet each frightening villain in their most powerful and vulnerable states, and understand their unique motivations and insanity. It is by no chance that these three villains have nicknames based on a snake, and that is exactly what these people truly are: snakes. Gorgeous, delicate outsides but secretly weapons of destruction and chaos on the inside. With the intentions to kill and the craftiness to escape any evil act with quick ease, the only thing these creatures fear are their true power and potential. Two of the best lines from the villains in this series come from Diamondback, and sum up equally each antagonists' attitude and behavior. The first is, "You speak to me as if you're not in the presence of death," and the second, "You know when a snake is most dangerous? A snake is most dangerous when it's backed into a corner". I love these quotes because they show each villains' hostility and ferociousness and also display how terrifying they can be if you anger them. 

Ultimately this show is great, but like every show it doesn't come without its costs and faults, but the spectacular moments in Luke Cage, like the music, action, character development, and worthy foes, outshine the inferior moments of the show.