Luke Cage is the fourth in the line of Netflix/Marvel series, which includes two seasons of Daredevil and one season of Jessica Jones. Personally I loved Daredevil, although I had mixed feelings regarding Jessica Jones. Thankfully, having recently finished watching Luke Cage (I prefer not to binge things, but instead to take a bit more time on them), I can easily say that Luke Cage, in my opinion, is a brilliant series which easily ranks with the likes of Daredevil.

The cast is remarkably consistent. I found with both Daredevil and Jessica Jones there was always at least one character that I did not like, but with Luke Cage this is not the case. Despite this being an ensemble drama with a large cast, none of the main characters are at all bland and each serves an important purpose. There are many threads to the series' storyline, each of which is moved forward at a moderate pace by the characters. They all serve their purpose, and serve it well. Within the cast we see a great range of characters and characterisations, from a tormented villain to a desperate detective willing to do anything to get her way. Mike Colter leads as the titular character in a very charming and quite subtle performance, but it is obvious straight away that his casting is impeccable - it would be impossible to find a more suitable person for the role.

The villains are another clear strong point. Mahalasha Ali's Cottonmouth is a definite contender for Marvel's best villain yet - he is far above the quality of villain that you might see in any of the Marvel movies (and that includes Loki), and certainly up there with Vincent D'Onofrio's Wilson Fisk (Daredevil) and David Tennant's Kilgrave (Jessica Jones). The other villains are Alfre Woodard's Mariah Dillard - much less of an upfront villain; she is a somewhat sketchy politician who does...sketchy things - and Theo Rossi's 'Shades' - a very intellectual and manipulative man, who starts off as a henchman but attempts to rise above those around him. Both of these villains are something refreshingly different for the Marvel universe. They were both complex, suave and audacious villains who were very enjoyable to watch. I've seen many people list Shades as the standout character of the show, and although I don't quite agree with this (Cottonmouth is the standout for me), he still clearly a remarkable villain whom I loved watching, and also, surely, one of Marvel's best to date. My only complaint is that later in the season they introduce a fourth villain (as though three isn't enough) who clearly is not as strong as any of the others. Even though he's not necessarily a bad villain, he felt quite average and certainly not on the same level as any of the other characters, villain or not.

Like the other Marvel/Netflix series, Luke Cage is decidedly more adult that your typical Marvel product. The story is grounded and realistic; it deals with real life issues instead of delving into your typical sci-fi fare (it is set entirely in Harlem so it largely focuses on racial and political issues). It has a tone and feel to it unlike any of the previous Marvel films or TV shows. This is due in part to the adultness of the show (it's not as violent as Daredevil or Jessica Jones, but makes use of its rating nonetheless), and also in part to the standout soundtrack that is prominent in every episode. Many episodes have live performances (some of which are from real bands and singers - for example Method Man appears in one episode), and a lot of the action sequences are excellently cut with very Harlem-style music. Speaking of the action, this is also a notable point of the series. While the choreography isn't of the quality that you would find in Daredevil, the action is certainly good, and there are several extended action sequences that last a number of minutes which were always entertaining to watch.

Luke Cage is a series with a lot to admire. The music, the cinematography (which, if I didn't mention before, is gorgeous), the characters along with the acting and writing, all come together to form a fantastic series. It is by far the most unique of all the Marvel products, film or TV show; but unlike most shows that are very unique, this is still one that anyone can enjoy (although it's obviously not for children). Without a doubt, this is another hit for the Marvel/Netflix partnership. Bring on Iron Fist.