I've found out about this TV show from a friend of mine. He told me only one thing : it's a masterpiece. When I saw the plot, I had my doubts that I was going to like it very much. But happily, I was wrong. This show exceeded my expectations since the first episodes and it proves that it's not necessary to have a bunch of top rated actors and a well known director to make a great-catchy show. Better than every drama series that you ever seen : this breath-taking show deserves a lot more appreciations than it was granted.

First of all , the performance of Claire Danes is a Oscar-worth one. She is playing the role of an CIA analyst who believes the newly recovered prisoner of war is a terrorist and it represents a main role in Abu Nazir's plan to attack America . Her high quality acting keeps a steady pace from the first episodes to the last one. Testament to that is her completely deserved Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series - Drama.

So far, so good - but there's more . Damian Lewis a.k.a. Sergeant Nicholas Brody is playing the role of his life in this show. They couldn't get anyone who could fit better in his character. As a soldier who was far from home for over 8 years, his homecoming is disturbing for him, as well as for his family. Soon he comes home, the realization that he doesn't fit in his own family makes him look for his happiness somewhere else. The story complicates even more with every episode, maintaining a permanent pulse of excitement and intense emotions which will keep you addicted and waiting for the next episode.

I won't tell more than this : this show deserves an Oscar . An Oscar for every little thing that is on the show: the cast, the writers ,the main characters ,the story and so on .It keeps you waiting for more, it leaves you thinking what could happen next .And right when you expect less - Boom ! It hits you with a thing that you never thought it would happen.

For me, this is by far the best drama TV show and I won't give it less than 10/10.