I finished series 3 last night and I cannot believe how good this show was. I had heard of the hype but had somehow not seen any trailers or reviews on it prior to viewing. From the opening scene of series 1 the show grips you, you are hooked instantly and within the first 5 minutes the pace for the entire show is set. I won't go through each series and summarise them as that would give things away, I will instead explain what makes this show so great overall and why I consider it one of the best shows I have ever seen.

Pacing and Direction: As I said earlier from the opening scenes the pacing is set and it sticks to that throughout the entire show. It is incredibly fast paced, so many scenarios come and go but not once does it feel rushed, everything feels very polished and perfectly constructed. The action scenes are all well shot with minimal 'shaky cam' and feel well-choreographed. The choice of music is also very well done and help sets the scenes perfectly, whether it's to add excitement, tension or distress.

Characters and Acting: Possibly the greatest aspect of the entire show is the creation of characters and the people who were chosen to play them. Every single person, and I mean every single one, is faultless. Not one character doesn't fit or doesn't feel necessary; they all have a purpose they are all developed well and all acted sublimely. Carrie is a very detailed character who shows all sides to her personality that you could imagine, the stress who plays her is easily the strongest out of all the cast. Saul, Estes & Brody are the other main characters of the show and all occupy a large amount of screen time. They are all equally strong and well developed. The character development is very strong and you find yourself very connected to many of the characters and this is what makes this show so successful.

Storyline: So much goes on that you really have to keep focused or you will miss something key, so much changes and it develops and changes very frequently. The initial storyline is that of a US Marine who was captured and tortured for 8 years in Iran. He is captured and brought back to America where he is seen as a hero. Carrie however (a member of the CIA) suspects that he has been turned by his captives and has come back to America to carry out Terrorist activities against his country. That is how this roller-coaster of a journey begins and I will not say anymore as to not ruin anything!

Countless times I found myself binging on this show, easily watching 5-6 episodes at a time, it really is that addictive! If I had to pick any negatives it would be that sometimes scenarios can feel a little convenient and there are some minor plot holes but nothing that discourages me from giving this a top rating. It is much better than I initially expected and I would definitely recommend this to anyone! Go and watch it!

10/10