When the first episode premiered, the premise alone was interesting enough. CIA analyst Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes, never better) is told by an informant in the Middle East that a prisoner of war has been turned. Enter Marine Sergeant Nicholas Brody (the always incredible Damian Lewis), who after eight years of torture and isolation has returned home to a world changed. Carrie is obsessed with proving her hunch that Brody is this turned man and a large threat to the safety of the nation, and the end of the pilot slightly made it seem that the show played it's hand too early. We got an easy answer quick and while I was amazed by the intensity and brilliant performances in the opener, I was concerned about how this concept could translate to an entire season of television, let alone multiple ones (the show was quickly picked up for a second season).

However in Homeland you learn quickly that "nothing is as plain as it seems" doesn't even begin to scratch the surface. Behind every clue and mystery, there are a dozen more twists and turns. Carrie is a brilliant analyst, but she is also mentally unstable and hiding her illness from those above her in order to keep her job. Brody has converted to Islam and prays in his garage, secret from his family he's returned home to, but he's also trying desperately to bring his family back together. I'll avoid spoiling anything major about the show, but the fact that these intriguing twists on a standard formula occur within the first two episodes is enough to give you a small taste of what this show does to the routine.

On the surface, this is a show that could have been so many things we've seen before. I was a huge fan of the first few seasons of 24, but it's no secret that the show quickly turned to recycling old ideas and it's need for twists and cliffhangers brought it to some pretty absurd places. You were always aware that you were watching something out of the ordinary, but with Homeland there's this feeling that this could be happening in your backyard. The war hero could be a terrorist hiding in the spotlight, the dead stripper in the alley could be something much more sinister. This is a show that brings paranoia to a level we haven't seen since the slew of '70s thrillers in film that capitalized on growing awareness of every day danger. Everyone is looking over their shoulder here and soon you will be too.

The thing that makes this show truly unique though, has nothing to do with it's high intensity or dense, relevant and ever-turning plot. A lot of shows can make you drop your jaw or grind your teeth. No, where Homeland really blew me away this season was in the fullness of it's main characters. Again, when you look at it on paper these characters could have really not worked at all. A mentally ill woman who uses sex and manipulation to get what she wants, a broken prisoner of war who comes home and kills deer in his backyard and shuts himself away from his family. These people could have been miserable to live with, but through the complexity of the writing and the sensational performances, Carrie and Brody became two of the most human characters I've ever seen put on television.

They do detestable things in almost every single episode, they are constantly hurting those around them through their own selfishness and yet every week I found myself caring about them more and more. They are so flawed but that just makes them real. When Carrie is busting into hysterics and falling apart, I just wanted to hold her. When Brody is making a colossal mistake I just wanted to grab him and snap him out of it. I never once felt a resentment for these characters and that speaks so much to the quality of the writing and acting. Danes gives what I feel to be the finest female performance on television in the past decade and Lewis is operating on the top tier as well. They bring a clarity and authenticity to these characters that make the show so much more than it should theoretically be. They take a show that was all about the premise and the intense plot and make it about these people.

Of course they are not the only actors in the piece, and Mandy Patinkin steals his scenes as the big bear of a mentor you always wish you had. Seeing him come on screen instantly warmed my heart and brought a smile to my face. At first I thought that the home life of Brody with his family (played by Morena Baccarin, Jackson Pace and Morgan Saylor) was the one weak point of the show (and there were some truly awfully written scenes in the first few episodes with these guys) but when a phone call came in the season finale and I had to wipe the tears away just to keep my eyes on the screen, I finally began to realize just how much I care about all of these people.

Some of the shows biggest fans thought that the finale was a disappointment, but honestly the only thing those people should be disappointed in is themselves. If you're here for the twists and the espionage, you can look somewhere else, because this show is about so much more than that. It's about these broken souls fighting a war every day, against terrorism domestic and foreign, and more importantly against themselves. Look no further than the finest episode of the season, "The Weekend", and you will see that the narrative is just the tip of what makes this show the finest currently on television. It's about these characters and you won't find better, more layered and more honest ones anywhere right now.