What with the third series of Peaky Blinders starting this month here in Britain and after a good friend had recommended Peaky Blinders to me, I decided to watch the first two series first on Netflix before dropping into the third series. I haven't regretted it. For many years the US film and TV industry has been making the running in programmes such as this, most recently with The Sopranos, Breaking Bad, The Wire, Damages, Boardwalk Empire, Deadwood and several others. Yes, there have been second-rate series which pretended to all the style but fell at the first hurdle – poor writing, poor direction marking them out as second-rate - but overall the US was simply streets ahead.

As for British efforts, well the less said the better. It wasn't just that the US simply had bigger budgets – far bigger budgets – but they also seemed to have greater resources as far as scriptwriters and directors were concerned. I am not about to say that that has all changed, because it hasn't. But in Peaky Blinders Britain has produced something which does not just stand alongside the best of American productions, but exceeds many. I don't quite know why.

I suspect that because the TV market is now global, the producers of Peaky Blinders have been able to raise more money to match the US budgets and attract the talent. But there's more than that: the vision of Steven Knight and whoever he is working with is magnificent. The direction by the various directors is excellent. And above all the cinematography raises Peaky Blinders far above similar homegrown efforts.

With one or two exceptions, there are few name actors, but that only goes to show what a reservoir of good actors there are in Britain. In one or two other ways – the use of the same external set is one – Peaky Blinders does reveal its rather more modest background, but that is far outweighed by any number of superlatives, not least the acting. Go for it, you won't be disappointed.

My one very slight quibble as someone who is not from Birmingham, but who worked and lived there for several years, is that the accents are all over the place, ranging from Birmingham itself to the Black Country, which is decidedly not Birmingham (as Solihull, West Bromwich and Sutton Coldfield are also not Birmingham but are all too often lazily lumped together with Birmingham), but that will be lost on 99 per cent of viewers. Once again, go for it, you won't be disappointed.

I'm only giving it 9/10 because nothing gets 10/10.