You've heard the legend of the Batman; DCs most badass superhero. Prepare yourself for a "fresh" take on his origin story. You probably want to see the worlds greatest detective (worlds greatest everything, he's the cleverest man in the universe, if Thanos and Darkseid teamed up and had an army full of Batmans villains, he'd still defeat them because he's very intelligent/prep time/utility belt/mary sue) face off with the most badass villains on the planet don't you? Well you're sht outta luck, you'll have to settle for the infinitely less impressive Detective James Gordon.

James Gordon is here with one goal, to save his city. We know that the sad state of Gotham is what inspires Bruce to go on to become Batman, so that means one of two things will happen: 1. James fails at his job so terribly that an orphan billionaire is forced to dress up as a bat and do his job for him or 2. The Batman of this universe will be SIGNIFICANTLY different to the one that we know and love (a massive retcon happens at the end of season 1, but I shall not spoil anything for you, I'd rather you watch it yourself and be disappointed) You know the villains will never reach their full potential, and even if they do, they will NEVER go head to head with Batman. 

Batmans villains are some of DCs most iconic, his epic battles with them are stuff of legend, but before we see the epic we have the misfortune of seeing his rogues "before they were cool" See his future love interest Catwoman as a child. "Call me Cat" she says, why? because reasons. Ivy wears all green and is obsessed with plants, hmmmm I wonder who she will turn out to be. Edward Nygma is always randomly speaking in riddles, I don't know why though, I just can't figure it out. THESE VILLAINS NEED FRICKING NAME TAGS ON THEM SHOWING ME WHO THEY GROW UP TO BE OTHERWISE I'LL NEVER GUESS WHO THEY ARE!!! There is no subtlety in showing who the villains are, it's all in your face because the writers don't think you're capable of recognizing Batmans villains (it's not like they are the most popular villains of any comicbook character ever or anything) The writers want you to forget that this is Batmans origin story and focus on James Gordon, yet they shoehorn young Bruce into every other episode reminding you that it's in fact a (rather badly done) Batman origin story. See a whole new version of Alfred that you won't be ready for, although after a slight adjustment of expectations, he may start to grow on you.

The only saving grace is the excellent show-saver The Penguin. Perfectly portrayed by Robin Lord Taylor. The show would be much better if it was his origin story, but unfortunately it's not. Instead it's an extended Batman teaser showing James Gordon (inevitabely fail at) getting rid of corruption in Gotham City. A young Bruce who has a higher chance of growing up to be the bumbling nerd Clark Kent than the intelligent Bruce Wayne that we all love.

If you are into police procedurals then you're going to love this show, however if you love Batman and his villains, then you might want to check out a little show called Arrow (which is unintentionally a better Batman story than this one)