Gotham is a prequel to the Batman mythos, and it's all about Gordon's struggle to swim—or, if not that, at least keep his head above water. There are no superheroes (yet) to bail him out when things go wrong. Just an unreliable police force behind him and a bevy of supervillains just beginning to sow their evil oats.

Season two Gotham has been titled "Rise of the Villains", which bodes well for the direction the series will be going in coming episodes, but interestingly, the focus of the season premiere has very little to do with them. While Penguin settles into his new role as king of the Gotham underworld, a growing madness begins to infect the city, and it's not just the criminals who are starting to crack. In particular, the majority of the episode follows James Gordon (Ben McKenzie) as this idealist starts to lose faith in the essential goodness of mankind and begins to waver from his moral compass.

Speaking of villains, Penguin is not the only one here. Hugo Strange, Dr. Freeze, The Riddler... They're all here, and they're all seriously bad dudes. Teens Ivy "Pamela" Pepper (the future Poison Ivy) and Selina Kyle (Catwoman) are currently roomies, and Selina's particularly friendly with a young, serious Bruce Wayne—little knowing what the future has in store for the both of them.

Gotham's season 2 skillfully picks up most of the narrative threads from last season and introduces exciting new directions for the characters, leaving us with many questions. This is impressive, given that, as seen to a certain extent in the first season, this show could easily be overshadowed by the well-known future of Gotham City. What's so exciting about this series is its potential to shake things up, to tell a different version of the story, opening the characters up to different fates. Will Gordon continue down this dark path, abandon his morals, and succumb to the darkness of Gotham?

If you can't imagine a show derived from a superhero comic that doesn't have the superhero, this may not be for you. But for anyone looking for a fresh, inventive take on the world of "Batman," don't miss "Gotham."