After a good, but uneven first season (that was set up in a "case of the week" CSI type of show, with an almost secondary storyline to its premise, we have reached the Season 2 premiere. And, oh brother, what an episode. Spectacular directing, acting, cinematography, editing. A barely flawed episode that, to us lovers of this art, is clearly a significant change to the style adapted for the first season. Please just don't lose this pace and this spectacular narrative, Gotham! As I said, not only the Directing was AMAZING, but the acting was pure gold. I believe that not even Breaking Bad or The Sopranos had so many good acting. Ben McKenzie makes a beautiful career defining turn, the beautiful actresses Morena Baccarin and Erin Richards put on an excellent performance, Donal Logue is just being Donal Logue, but the same way DiCaprio is DiCaprio in all his films: with brilliance, Sean Pertwee is the best Alfred I've ever seen (sorry legend Michael Caine), Camren Bicondova is a beautiful actress who is showing her great potential (am I the only one who thinks Michelle Pfeiffer travelled in time?), David Mazouz: pure brilliance, he has that type of performance that can be rated as "Oscar worthy" in the future (just like the Spiderman-to-be Tom Holland, despite Holland being a little older)... actors like this, by this age, come once in while. Put your eyes on this kid, Hollywood! And last, but not the least, the mind-blowing performance of Penguin by Robin Lord Taylor...I don't have much to say about this one, but the Television Academy has been sleeping these days... Despite being minor characters, I just love Drew Powell and Anthony Carrigan as Butch and Zsasz!

9/10 (There is still something missing...)

PS: I would sell the rights to Netflix. Netflix has golden production values, and this series could become perfect under them. Just look at (the rivals) Daredevil, or even House of Cards or Narcos, the film Beasts of No Nation... I would love to see Season 3 as a Netflix original.