I've always loved Batman on TV. Batman: The Animated Series is one of the most accurate representations of the superhero on any medium, and the only slightly better version of Batman I could think of other than the comic books, is the one from the Batman: Arkham games.

However I was always intrigued by the character of James Gordon. In the Animated Series and Batman: Arkham Asylum, as well as the various comic books, it is very evident that this one police commissioner is one of Batman's greatest and most trustworthy allies. Even more so, in Christopher Nolan's Dark Knight Trilogy. Gary Oldman's James Gordon was, in my opinion, one of the most well-acted and interesting, pivotal characters throughout the three films. His journey from a rookie detective to a highly respected police commissioner was what hooked me into watching this. And I must say, in that regard, the show excels.

Right from the pilot, you learn a lot about this young guy, about his resolve, his views of things, and the way he takes working in a city as sick as Gotham as a law enforcer. You care for this guy. Even though he's not the most saintly person in Gotham, he still IS trying to do good for the city, sometimes even lying or cheating to do it. Moreover, Ben McKenzie was a great choice for this cop with an attitude. He even looks a little bit like Gary Oldman without a 'stache. Go figure.

Now Jim Gordon might be someone to care about in the show, however not nearly as much as Donal Logue's stupendously portrayed Harvey Bullock, no matter how corrupt he makes himself appear. After a few episodes, you get a little in touch with his more humane side, and you just learn to love the guy. Not to mention, he's incredibly entertaining to watch as he's arguably the most humorous and sarcastic character the show has to offer. David Mazouz is a unique Bruce Wayne. He does justice to the part, and the part itself makes him seem a little bit more mature, even as a kid. It goes over the fact that maybe the death of Bruce's parents must have affected his behavior as child itself. Despite how brilliant Nolan's trilogy may be, Batman Begins still doesn't go over this. Gotham makes the death of the Waynes a little bit more believable in Bruce's point of view. (Mazouz even looks like a younger version of Bruce Wayne from Arkham City.)

Sean Pertwee's Alfred is a little bit different, a bit more protective of Bruce and overall a bit more buff. Camren Bicondova literally looks like young Michelle Pfeiffer, and does justice to her role as Selina 'Cat' Kyle, a street-smart street kid who walks quiet and sneakily. Jada-Pinkett Smith's 'new' character Fish Mooney is a bit overdone, but is starting to get a little interesting as the episodes go on. I think she is connected to a bigger villain that the show might introduce sometime, I just can't tell. I also really like the lady who plays GCPD Chief Sarah Essen. John Doman is a good Carmine Falcone, and the guy who plays Sal Maroni is good as well. There is a really nice mafia angle to the show as well, which is one of the major plus points of the show.

And into all of this comes Robin Lord Taylor's Oswald Cobblepot, the Penguin. This guy is a psychopath, and a genius psychopath at that. We see a lot of Penguin's tactical genius in the show, something even the Arkham games mostly overlooked. And Taylor's Penguin is hands-down the best performance throughout the show. His character is also the most well-written and well-conceived. A lot of Gotham's Penguin is Robin Lord Taylor's own thing, and he just excels at it completely.

So the show does these characters justice for the most part, as well as having some other welcome additions such as Victor Zsasz and Leslie Thompkins, as well as Dr. Crane and Sionis (The Black Mask episode is just awesome). The interactions and various story arcs among these characters is great as well. However the show has some shortcomings and weak links.

A major weak link is Gordon's former fiancée, the infamous Barbara Kean. Her character is extremely unlikable, and the only way I would find it a bit meaningful is if they wrote her character off as a psychopath. Maybe that'd work. Also, Edward Nygma is weird. And not in a good way. There is so MUCH he could be in this show, and instead, they chose the boring 'smart, but weird riddle dude at GCPD' route. Also a lot of the writing could be a little better than it its current state.

Of course the star of the show is the city itself, which is stylishly presented, along with most of the action and other visuals. Gotham has evolved from a risky concept to a pretty well-established show for a lot of Batman origins. Speaking of which, the newest actor, Cameron Monaghan, who plays a peculiar character called Jerome, did really well in the latest episode. I seriously can't wait to see what happens next in the show, there are a lot of characters to be introduced, a lot of arcs to complete, and a lot of backgrounds to establish. I can probably accept Batman as a truly dimensional character if this show does well at establishing this spine the Dark Knight possesses. It is the very city he compels himself to protect at all costs, and it's blooming with ease so far.