I was actually very surprised when Gotham first hit our TV screens in 2014. To tell you the truth the show looked as if it would be hit-and-miss but I was actually pleasantly surprised. I was pleasantly surprised at how addictive Gotham is. Plus the fact I've always been a die hard Batman fan since childhood I was already familiar with the Batman universe.

Gotham takes us back to the beginning where the honest and idealistic Detective James Gordon (Ben McKenzie) is a rising star in the Gotham City Police Department. Partnered with the cynical Detective Harvey Bullock (Donal Logue), Gordon and Bullock are tasked to investigate the murders of Thomas and Martha Wayne, leaving behind their son Bruce Wayne (David Mazouz) who is now under their care of the Wayne's trusted butler Alfred Pennyworth (Sean Pertwee). James Gordon vows to find the murderer however he must do so by navigating through the murky underbelly of the corrupt and crime riddled Gotham City, where he encounters a variety of assorted crime bosses vying for power including Fish Mooney (Jada Pinkett Smith), Carmine Falcone (John Doman) and Sal Maroni (David Zayas). Playing both sides off each other is Oswald Cobblepot (Robin Lord Taylor). We also explore the origins of forensic scientist Edward Nygma (Cory Michael Smith) and street kid Selina "Cat" Kyle (Camren Bicondova).

Ben McKenzie has come a long way from his days in TV series The O.C. He has since come of age following crime drama Southland and he has finally made his mark in the lead role as James Gordon. Donal Logue provides dry comic relief as Harvey Bullock. Jada Pinkett Smith proves to be an effective villain as Fish Mooney. John Doman, well known for his role as the abrasive Deputy Commissioner Rawls in The Wire, is effective in his role as Carmine Falcone. Robin Lord Taylor, of whom I had the pleasure of meeting in person at Gold Coast Supanova in 2015, is brilliant as Oswald Cobblepot. Robin Lord Taylor always lights up the screen in every scene he appears. Cory Michael Smith as Edward Nygma slowly transforms throughout the series into a crazed killer. Camren Bicondova, who resembles a young Michelle Pfeiffer, is a perfect fit as Selina Kyle and Camren Bicondova looks to have a promising and bright future in showbiz.

Truth be told, Gotham started off very well and though some episodes can be hit and miss, nonetheless it is addictive viewing and great fun.

Batman fans will appreciate this show a lot more, but other viewers can still hop in and enjoy the fun too.

9/10.