Straight from the pages of DC Comics comes "Gotham" the new origin series that purports to show how the Gotham City of Batman came to be. It centers on GCPD Detective James Gordon (Ben McKenzie) who, accompanied by his partner Harvey Bullock (Donal Logue), is drawn deeper into the dark and brutal city that is Gotham. He encounters police corruption and brutality as he battles the mob influences that control the city. 

In the pilot, we witness the murder of Bruce Wayne's parents. Gordon promises Bruce (David Mazouz) that he will solve the case--this is the over-reaching arc of the series that will develop the core of the graphic story.

We are introduced to many characters who will become the mainstays of the Batman saga, e.g. Penguin and Catwoman. One new character is Fish Mooney (Jada Pinkett Smith), a deliciously evil mob boss who fraternizes with cops and kingpins alike. 

John Doman plays big boss Carmine Falcone, dominating the screen whenever he appears. Though he exists within the seemingly black and white world of the Batman mythology, moral ambiguity is introduced through the complexity of the characters. Falcone says, "I love this city" and we believe him. He also intimates that Gordon's father--a former DA--might have played some ball with the Falcones of the world.

The acting is good. The photography is beautiful; in a predominately dark world, the colors are saturated. The camera work and the sets are stylish. The music contributes to the atmospheric tone.

As Jim Gordon makes enemies at every turn, it will be interesting to see if he can preserve his integrity. And it will be fun to watch the other characters develop into their aliases.

Update 10/28/14: Many of the characters in this show have gained complexity during the first episodes. What a cast! So many of them shine in their roles that I will not single them out here. This show is a real treat! I am upgrading my vote to "9".

Update 11/4/14: I am upgrading my vote to "10". This show is so enjoyable! Excellent pacing. Great character development. The story is one twist after another, but it makes sense.