This is a fantastic television series that in my humble opinion becomes more intriguing with each episode. I love the dark grainy colors and the seedy atmosphere that the series writer and producer Bruno Heller has created for Gotham. Heller's previous series credits include Rome (2005) and the Mentalist (2008), so his thought and conceptual process is diverse. Please don't try and take this Crime, Drama, Thriller too seriously as it has some moments where the series goes way over the top and it becomes Campy, which is another genre I also enjoy. Don't take me too literally though as this version of Gotham is by no means as campy as the original 1966 Batman Series starring Adam West and Burt Ward. I would say what this series brings to its television audience is a good mix of the original 1967 Batman storyline minus any elaborate costumes for the heroes and villains, as well as the blue-ish dark atmosphere from the 1992 animated Batman series.

What is unique to the Gotham series is the huge cast of great starring roles such as Jada Pinkett Smith as crime boss Fish Mooney, Ben McKenzie as a young Detective James Gordon, his partner Donal Logue as Detective Harvey Bullock and I can't forget to mention the wonderful performance of Robin Lord Taylor as the limping, aspiring and shrewd criminal mind Oswald Cobblepot. Yes there is a young Bruce Wayne played admirably by 13 year old David Mazouz. It will be interesting to see how the series writer Bruno Heller will develop young Bruce Wayne's character from season 1 through season 9 from his teenage years and growth spurt in to adulthood by year 2024 which I predict is the reality and expectation for this great series.

I enjoy a television series that I don't have to take too seriously, in which the audience can just escape in to a fantasy world that allows the heroes to survive an onslaught of a dozen criminals and come out on top unscathed, week after week. Of course it is not real drama, but it is superb entertainment and cinematography. So sit back and relax, and just watch the heroes and an array of villains trying to take control of Gotham from one another.

I give the series a perfect 10 out of 10 without any expected let down for at least a few more seasons based on the exemplary writing of the first 17 episodes. This series has so many great characters and plots that are building that I envision the story line growing exponentially and so will its audience. It is now on my "TO PURCHASE" list when the Season 1 Blu Ray box set comes out. Then I will wait until 2025 to purchase the extended complete 9 season series of Gotham as a Christmas present to myself. Christmas has come early folks, this is a gift to the audience. Don't miss it!

Updated for Season 2 episode 17

And so as season 2 begins to wind down, the entertainment value of Gotham remains just as strong as it was in season 1 and the story lines are still so exciting and unpredictable which Mrs. Shullivan and I find quite appealing. 

There are so many great intertwining stories that all seem to encircle our main character Jim Gordon. In this episode Jim Gordon is still an escaped convict, estranged from the love of his life Leslie Thompkins who is carrying their child, and so Jim tries to find out who is responsible for setting him up for a murder that he did not commit as he stays on the run from being re-captured. He gets lots of help from his loyal partner Harvey Bullock, as well as from Bruce Wayne, Alfred Pennyworth, Selina Kyle and even from the troubled Edward Nygma. 

Poor Oswald Cobblepot is grieving heavily after losing his father so soon after just accidentally finding his father was still alive. It becomes somewhat of a Cinderella themed story when Oswald's evil stepmother Grace Van Dahl tells Oswald that she will let him continue living in his own father's mansion but he must stay on as their housemaid, so that she and her two mean children Charles and Sasha can treat him like scum. Oswald initially accepts their abusive ways and then one day his Penguin hairdo is back in place and there is an evil grin on Oswalds face which tells us that he now knows how his loving father came to his demise. 

You just can't keep a good penguin down for too long and we have a very happy ending for both the Penguin and Jim Gordon. Then there is a knock on Jim's door and an old friend says hello...and so the story of Gotham continues. I am looking well into the future to the year 2023 when season 9 of Gotham wraps things up for this long and successful television series. 

10/10