Having watched season one and almost halfway through season two, I felt the need to share my views on Gotham. The program has grown from a shaky start into one of my must-see shows to watch. 

I love the whole feel of the show. The dark gritty world created where crime is a way of life, that even the police have adopted it is a fantastic back drop for some brilliant story lines of which there is plenty.

After two and half seasons, I have finally started to like the development of Bruce Wayne side of this story. Perhaps its because David Mazouz is just beginning to connect with the character of Bruce, or is starting to expressing some of the darkness that leads to his donning the cape and cowl.

During the first season, I felt like Ben McKenzie as James Gordan was struggling with so much screen time, but halfway through he appeared to relax, and began to act comfortably with other characters. The villains in season one definitely kept me watching. To see Oswald (penguin) work his way through the Gotham mob was very well crafted. Rober Lord Taylor is brilliant in his portrayal, and works both sides of Penguin's character fully with some lovely touches - learning the dark ways of Gotham with the ruthless Fish Mooney, Falcone and Butch whilst showing love for his eccentric mother.

All of the villains provide much contrast for the ever present heroic Detectives James Gordan and Harvey Bullock, who feel like they are fighting a lone crusade to clean up Gotham. Again that feeling of isolation to our heroes comes to the forefront of the program.

On to the second season, which absolutely hit the ground running and pushed a number of characters to the front like Edward Nigma and Barbara Gordon, whilst introducing us to the diabolic Theo Galavan and his dangerous, and gorgeous, sister Tabitha. Jessica Lucas is absolutely stunning!! Theo Galavan's interactions with both James Gordan and Bruce Wayne, have provided some brilliant moments of suspense, and I look forward to the revelations to come.

On the whole, Gotham is prepared to get more mysterious and darker to provide suspense, and i can't wait to see it ....