I was determined to dislike Gotham (being a purist Batman movie girl) but I was bored one night this week so decided to give it a trial run. I was impressed, to say the least, after watching not even a full episode, I was hooked.

The back stories are very intriguing and made me want to do a full- on Batman re-run of all the movies to date right from Michael Keaton to Christian Bale, just to see if I could correlate a linear development from where the young characters are now to what they have become as they have matured into the Batman movies.

What helps this series along is the great choice of actors and actresses, especially Ben McKenzie, who plays the young and idealistic detective, James Gordon, whose honesty and integrity something of an enigma in the seedy, dangerous and dark city of Gotham. This is a city where police brutality and being on the take is met with a cynical "this is Gotham" what-do-you-expect-type comment and Gordon is like a breath of fresh air in an otherwise crippled and twisted city.

Integral to Gotham is the tormented and driven young Bruce Wayne who looks upon Gordon as something of a mentor or father-figure after the murder of his parents. The relationship between the two is not forced but gradually develops after Gordon makes Bruce a promise, one that is, for now, unkept.

Another stand-out character is Fish Mooney, played in a sizzling and aggressive performance by Jada Pinkett Smith. Fish is part of the Gotham crime family line-up and can knee-cap someone with the best of them. She stops at nothing to get her way and is a master manipulator.

So far as other characters go, a young Catwoman, Penguin and Riddler have been introduced as the budding super villains (I still personally think of Catwoman as essentially one of the good people of Gotham) and I look forward to other Gotham regulars making an appearance in the show, like Scarecrow and the Joker.

If you love the Batman movies, Gotham is definitely worth a look and once you do, I guarantee that you won't regret that first flirtation with the show.