If you haven't watched Homeland yet, its hard for you to IMAGINE what the show can offer with a P.O.W., a CIA officer & the theme of national security. When I first read an intro for the show, I didn't know how long the show will be able to keep my interest for it, alive. But now, addiction has replaced interest!

You will LOVE the show if you like: high octane thrillers, 'gosh, what will happen next?' dramas, potent story-telling & slow, yet intense suspense and similar themes. It's an addicting cocktail of these & much more.

If you judge shows by awards...it has won 5 Golden Globes & numerous Emmys in just two seasons!

Nicholas Brody (Damian Lewis) is absolutely brilliant as the POW and so is Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) as a CIA case officer. The main theme remains Carrie's suspicion about Brody - whether he 'turned' when in captivity and consequently does he pose a threat to national security. But, don't be fooled by the simplistic description...as different layers of the storyline are revealed & characters take shape, the story diversifies & yet intensifies without losing the original plot or track. As I said above, it's difficult to guess how such a straight-forward looking theme can be supplied with such potency (by the Emmy-winning brilliant writing) that it continues to appeal & intrigue almost endlessly. Aptly-timed & brilliantly directed revelations, intriguing background stories & beautifully written personal lives of characters - all assist the central theme & end up making a breathtaking package. The ensemble of supporting actors (especially Mandy Patinkin as Saul Berenson) are really good too.

This is one show you should watch irrespective of which genre of television you prefer/like. Why? Simply because its quite different & unconventional in its treatment of subjects, storyline & characters.

If you've watched all seasons already, you've done the right thing. If you left the series mid-way, start again - you don't know what the next episode holds. And if you still haven't started watching the show, START TODAY!

9/10 !