I love Homeland. I was not disappointed by Season 3, but I confess I happened on Homeland only last week, by accident. Despite all the rave reviews, I had avoided it because of the comparisons to "24" (no appeal for me). I discovered Homeland partway through season 3's episode 11, which prompted a frenzied week-long viewing of all the previous episodes. I mention all this because I was drawn to the show without knowing anything about it. But I do see now that this was one of the best episodes of Season 3. Had my first viewing been, say, the "cockroach" episode in the Caracas slum tower, showing Brody's fleshy, pasty, bald-headed abject despair with the needle hanging out of his arm, I might not have devoted hours of my life to becoming another Homeland fan. S. 3 Ep. 11, like much of the show, is highly charged and riveting, with Brody's conflicting loyalties and inscrutable motives (well, maybe not so inscrutable here) propelling the story forward and reasserting our attachment to his character.

The lead actors are fantastic, particularly in their ability to portray their characters' motives and desires through their facial expressions. Clare Danes, head tilted forward and to the side, face crumpling and on the verge of tears, is almost unbearable to watch, exposing her Cassandra-like character's vulnerability, rage, and frustration. Damian Lewis' ginger complexion and piercing blue eyes help convey the creepy moral ambiguity that makes his character so compelling. His near-transparent paleness displays Brody as someone who has to work that much harder to hide his despair and alienation. We see him in the mirror applying his different masks, perhaps trying to convince himself as much as anyone else? We want to decipher this character that seems an enigma to even Brody himself.

When I finally made it to season 3, I found myself wondering if I liked the show because of the romance between Carrie and Brody, or if that was just an additional plot line driving it forward. In season 1 Carrie's desire for Brody was so interesting because we knew he was a terrorist. We understood Carrie's obsession and attraction to him knowing that it was wrong and shouldn't happen. Carrie disarms him with understanding and flattery, building on the quasi flirtation that starts in their first meeting during the debriefing with the security analysts soon after his return to the US – but this time without the confrontational aspects of her pointed questions there. Brody was not to be trusted in any context, and her unbridled passion and spilling of state secrets was fascinatingly appalling. She provides him with what he needs to utterly and completely destroy her emotionally and professionally, which he does at the end of Season 1.

In season 2, once he's been reduced to a crumpled heap after his CIA interrogation (and heart-stopping knife-through-hand experience thanks to Quinn!), the power dynamic changes. We admire Carrie for her ability to express her feelings so openly and to use them to bring this would-be terrorist literally to his knees, but wouldn't we now want to see an intriguing romantic triangle with (at this point, the still mysterious) Quinn, flirtatious and adoring of her? Quinn, who defended her honor by helping her bring down Brody? Brody's absence for much of season 3 meant that the story was no longer driven by the Carrie-Brody tension. Replacing it with the Dana Brody story arc made this season more of a slog than Season 1 and 2. What contributes to the lack of dynamism in season 3 is Brody's restricted physical movement during his time in Caracas. For much of this show, we see Brody constantly in motion, fielding calls, running, dodging into shadows and dark corners, moving between the spaces that represent his different roles. All of this movement is necessary to keep the machine going, and his relentless manipulation of almost every person he comes in contact with is engaging. In season 3, however, Brody becomes a bloated, lifeless character confined to a room high up in a towering slum. The building, unfinished and open to the elements, demonstrates how Brody is both utterly exposed in the world and yet at the same time confined. And here he is stuck with himself, without the phone and the office and the nonstop role-playing that allowed him to escape from the emptiness within. But those constant machinations made him the Brody we recognized and adored in his repugnant but creepily attractive shiftiness. This static being becomes devoid of life and loses the will to carry on.

Like other reviewers, I found myself wanting the Carrie-and-Brody romance to continue (despite my better judgment). In the last episode, I desperately hoped for a last-minute prison break so that Brody wouldn't die and Carrie wouldn't lose the love of her life. This is what made Brody's death so much more powerful. He – everyone – went through so much to get him there, and Iran, more than anywhere else in the world (with the exception of North Korea), presents uncharted territory with no US diplomatic or military presence. Brody is alone here, and he will die alone. His public execution was painful and shocking, as we watch Carrie see and hear the angry crowd around her and Brody is hoisted on the crane to slowly die. His having been kept alive all this time made us expect he would be rescued by Special Ops, or when that failed, that Javadi would find a way to free him, or that a CIA/Massad team would ambush the police car on the way to his public execution, or that … Any of which would have made the show so preposterous as to be not worth watching.

After devoting so many hours in such a short time to this show, I felt devastated and disoriented by Brody's death. I am curious to see what will happen in Season 4. Is there redemption for the show?