If you ask me why I love this show I would not know where to begin. But because of the large number of parallels to its polar opposite, the show "24", let me clear the air on how Homeland is everything "24" never was. 

Homeland is the mature older sister to the hyperactive, immature and schizophrenic brother that was "24". "24" was a farce, posing as a realistic representation of espionage and tension when clearly, all it wanted to be was a showcase of how excellently America's reputed counter-terrorism forces can fumble a plan and how one man comes to the rescue. It was about this man, running about on a single day, trying to protect an immaculate and inconscientious President and the devastation and rampage he left in his wake. It was about how all foreign countries are the devil and are constantly plotting to turn the "great US and A" into a smoking crater and how this one man cuts a swathe of bodies in his adventure to stop said crater from happening. It was a massive ego boost to right-wing propagandists about how right they are to advocate the massacre of foreign lands and their evil, maniacal peoples. It was about how no person ever needs to visit the bathroom in a day and how they survive on 0 calories and how nothing seems to happen at three points every hour in their action-packed days, these peaceful periods lasting exactly 5 minutes. Just enough for us to be reminded of capitalism and its delights.

Homeland is no such buffoonery. It deals with very real subjects such as PTSD, inner conflict, terrorism and why they do it, imprisonment, true espionage and finally, the quest of a flawed and desperate woman trying to find answers. Terrorists are humans who have grievances and want to be heard but go about the wrong means of doing it. The man who returns home after 8 years of imprisonment has real problems one of which is connecting with his family who thought him dead. Spies do research, communicate and don't spout meaningless jargon to look intelligent.

Don't compare this to something as worthless as "24". Homeland is a serious that deserves recognition for its intelligence and originality and anyone who is a fan of television needs to watch this.