Claire Danes is the best actor in the best series on TV, thus she is outstanding and unparalleled. She has always totally inhabited her characters, and she is a worthy successor to Meryl Streep's esteemed title as World's Best Chameleon actor. She is absolutely believable in every scene. She is Carrie, CIA agent extraordinaire, and no one else. Mandy Patinkin, as her boss, is also at the top of his game here.

Yes, this so dangerous, foreboding and often creepy CIA tale about terrorism and its horrible personal fallout is wonderful TV and shows what can be done in a quality cable TV series with a complex tale that cannot be unwound in a 2 hour movie. It takes many hours of story to unpeel all the layers of the strange onion that is the CIA, or at least the entertainment version of it. Red herrings abound throughout, moving from "is it that guy?" to another guy in a flash, keeping us guessing who is doing all that national security damage that this CIA says is always critical and crucial and deadly, and always consumes the full life of any agent at the expense of all else, and even makes some of them ill or crazy or even traitors.

No opinions are stated here on whether the story is realistic and whether the events and personal interactions depicted truly happen in the real CIA. Of course the story is dramatized, as much of real CIA work is numbingly boring and mundane, but of course who would watch that?

The story, supporting cast, mood lighting and soundtrack, locations, and camera work are so outstanding that they rival the best feature film work. Of course, odd story twists, dramatic effects, and chew the scenery acting also abound here, but so much of it is necessary to propel the story for a full series and keep it threatening and scary with no comforting let up, ever. 

This level of TV quality is what everyone always thought TV could be if it really tried. And, after watching this accomplished series, you will never again trust that strange neighbor of yours. You know, the one who comes and goes at such odd hours. Hmmm.