Okay, firstly, I gotta say, I watched the entire series believing that there would only be one season and the story would be finished by the finale episode. This is because I saw that IMDb listed the show's running period as (2011) only and not the usual (2011-), meaning its ongoing - when did they change that? That was kinda stupid of me, I guess. Anyway, I see that the show's been renewed for a second season, which is great, because this show is very good. Just a heads up, though, that my false belief kinda affected my view of the show while I was watching it, especially the last episode where I was expecting everything to wrap up. 

Like I said, this show is good, very good. Its basically what AMC's Rubicon should have been like. Its very much in the same vein, with the themes of paranoia, conspiracy theories and dealing with the whole intelligence business. Only in Homeland, stuff actually happens, the plot moves along and it keeps you interested. Rubicon had a good premise but literally nothing happened on that show and that's why it got cancelled. Homeland has a bit "tinfoil hat" premise too, but the story and characters are so complex, you accept that in favor of just being entertained. Both Damien Lewis's and Claire Danes's respective characters are in danger of becoming cliché, but because they are so complex and so well acted, you find yourself drawn to these people. The all-important guessing of whether Brody is turned or not is not just a question of if, but also why or why not. And Carrie Mathison is not just some government suit with a patriotic zeal to root out the terrorist conspiracy - her obsession comes from somewhere darker, as well. Mandy Patinkin is pretty close to being a show-stealer too, with his laser-wit and deeply caring Saul.

The middle episodes are probably the highlight of the season. That's when most seems to be at stake for the main characters and before the big reveal on the whole 'turned' question. After that, the story kinda looses some of its momentum (still exciting, though) and the finale episode could be called anti-climactic by some, but I was still thrilled by the very last scene, which (when re-viewed with the facts straight) set up the second season nicely.

I'm really looking forward to what will happen in season two, for as I say, I thought this one was all there was right until the cut-to-black of the final scene, where I then checked the show's Wikipedia page. Now the ending definitely makes more sense. As for the story, the cat is pretty much out of the bag on the big question of turned/not turned and the future of our heroine is looking not so bright, so where the story will go next, I shall wait to see.

Easy 9/10 based on the acting of the main cast and the thrilling story.