The first four seasons of Homeland are character driven. Although they are action packed and dramatic with highly interesting plots, the driving forces in season one through three are Carrie and Brody, their respective inner demons and desires, and their conflicted relationship with each other. After season three it was hard to imagine how the show would go on without Brody, but when season four arrived it was every bit as engaging and interesting. Still character driven with Carrie as the lead, other characters now come into focus: the brave, conflicted civilian agent Fara; Aayan, intense and soulful source to Carrie; Saul and above of all Quinn who in this season develops into a major character. 

Season five departs from the first four in that the main characters are no longer in focus, but Europe itself, as the stage for so many of the world's conflicts: The conflicts between the Western world and Jihadist globalism, the conflicts between Russia and the West, the conflicts between libertarian hackers and state security agencies, etc. The people serves mostly to embody these conflicts and also to give nuance (like the kind, generous doctor who quotes Muhammed on the importance of hospitality).

As an overview and analysis of conflicts facing the world today, this drama series is still as good as ever, if not better. For most of season five I was convinced the writers had outdone themselves and that this was the best season of them all. I was riveted. It wasn't until the very last episode I realized that there had been almost no character development, and that all the main characters started and ended on the same point. The most baffling part was how they gave Quinn so little play. Mostly he was dying painfully throughout the entire season (in six different ways no less, and we still don't know if he is dead).

To sum it up, I would have given the series 10 stars if it hadn't been for the lack of character development in season five. It will take some major creativity to make Carrie interesting again (and no, taking her off her meds doesn't do it anymore). One character I would like to see more of (apart from Quinn, whom I hope to see alive and well in season 6) is German agent Astrid (Nina Hoss). There is some real potential there, not least in the interplay between her and Carrie.

Looking forward to season 6, and here's hoping for Quinns return to life!