The writing and directing of this TV series is top notch as many user reviews proclaim. The acting performances are most believable. The story feels like it has just leaped from the front pages of the NYTimes, Washington Post, The Chicago Tribune and even better, what you've seen on BBC World News or The Journal(DW-TV) and of course CNN; it's that contemporary in its premise. The writing team was successful in coming up with providing suspense and drama in every episode, all the while building up momentum to a 1½ hour finale that was well worth the wait and which has us yearning for more next season; try combining the pull of the series '24' and 'Breaking Bad'. It was that addictive. If you haven't seen it, don't miss the reruns and rent the DVDs when they are released.

As a fan of Claire Danes, since performances in 'The Rainmaker' and especially 'Temple Grandin', I was eagerly awaiting the series. Her character Carrie, in this 'Homeland' series, required just the talent and skill such role needed and at which she excels; she plays a CIA field operative with uncanny perception, totally dedicated and purpose driven but burdened by bipolar disorder and a director, David Estes played by David Harewood, who stifles her efforts and that of her immediate supervisor and mentor Saul Berenson, played by Mandy Patinkin. Carrie's only support comes from Saul and Virgil, a colleague who is played superbly by David Marciano. If you watched and liked Patinkin in the series 'Criminal Minds', you'll be happy to see him in his role as Saul; I was glad he played that particular character as Carrie's mentor.

The other main character, Brody, played by Damian Lewis, was for me a challenge, because he is one of those actors who (let's face it, we all have likes and dislikes) turns me off; which viewer does not have actors they are a fan of and actors they are NOT. I still watched the series despite that prejudice, based on all the other fine points of Homeland. His role was an important one and so I won't say I enjoyed his part for reasons I just explained, however I must admit that in the final episode he was, it pains me to admit, so convincing and performed so well, I will continue to watch the next season, still hoping for the same experience from the series and his demise (very doubtful unfortunately for me).

I don't wish to spoil the experience by revealing any of the final episode but I'll say this much: There are at least three "Holy Sh*t" scenes, if you get the meaning of that expression. The very last shot (it's with Claire Danes, thankfully) is a guaranteed mother of all cliff-hangers; it bests the most famous one from many years ago, simply referred to as the 'Who shot JR?'.