I am watching a few new shows this season. I wanted to say this after just one episode but I was waiting to see if Showtime's "Homeland" is just one episode wonder. But after five back to back rocking episodes this is undeniable fact that HOMELAND is the show to watch out for this season. Homeland is developed by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa, based on the Israeli series Hatufim(Prisoners of War) created by Gideon Raff. The series stars Claire Danes as Carrie Mathison, a CIA operations officer who has come to believe that an American Marine, who was held captive by Al-Qaeda as a prisoner of war, was turned by the enemy and now poses a significant risk to national security. 

When this season was starting, Person of Interest was the show I had most hopes from. Why ? Well, firstly it is created by Jonathan Nolan and it featured one of my favorite TV actors Michael Emerson (Lost fame). Also it prompted CBS to move CSI in over 10 years to a new time slot. That is definitely something. This show is also awesome but homeland is on an altogether another level.

As far as Homeland goes, I had hopes but not too much because it had producers from "24". Don't get me wrong, I loved watching 24. Despite that I have to admit the show was quite over the top and had one man saving America over and over again every year. Homeland had a few similarities in terms of one hero (Claire Daines) trying to prove that other guy is wrong etc. etc. but this time they have done that much more subtly. Also she has her own set of problems to deal with and is not the "whitest" person around. The office politics even in a CIA office is done wonderfully. Now if they just let their writers to continue to flex their muscles this show will shine for a long time. 

The strength of the show also lies in the superlative acting by the cast. Casting of both Claire Danes as Carrie Mathison and Damien Lewis as Nick Brody is perfect. The character of "Saul", played brilliantly by Mandy Patinkin, plays the figurative father to the hero. Morena Baccarin also plays her part with ease. Other supporting actors are also good. If you are looking to see a gripping thriller with incredible characters, you are at the right place. Enjoy !!