When US Marine Sgt. Nicolas Brody is released after being held prisoner by Al-Qaeda for eight years he is treated like a hero; only one person doesn't believe it. CIA operations officer Carrie Mathison has heard that Al-Qaeda had managed to turn an American prisoner and as Brody is the only one they had who survived she is convinced that far from being a hero Brody is in fact a traitor and a very real threat to the security of the United States. Because she is so convinced she sets up an unauthorised surveillance operation against him but that finds no concrete evidence against him. As the series progresses the evidence appears to suggest he is guilty one moment then innocent the next. When it is learnt that there was another American former Al-Qaeda prisoner at large in the States even Carrie accepts that she was wrong about Brody. The hunt is now on for the second suspect, a marine sniper, before he can strike against his presumed target the president.

This thriller had me gripped from the first episode and each week I looked forward to seeing what would happen next. Throughout the series I was constantly reassessing my view on Brody's loyalty as new evidence emerged. Claire Danes does a fine job as Carrie Mathison; a bi-polar woman obsessed with finding out the truth even if it means bending a few rules. Damien Lewis is equally good as Brody; a man trying to come to terms with returning to family life after eight years in captivity who might just be a traitor. Other notable cast members include Morena Baccarin, who plays Brody's wife; David Harewood, who played Carrie's boss and Mandy Patinkin, who played her mentor Saul Berenson. While I found this drama to be excellent it won't be to everybody's taste; if you object to violence, nudity or swearing this is not for you! 

The final episode left things open for another season; however should it not materialise the ending still works; just in a more ominous way than one would expect that said I do hope we get more of this quality drama.