Wow this show is terrible it has some of the worst dialogue I have ever heard and each scene ends with a one liner that had me saying is that supposed to be a joke? I watch this with my wife so I have seen more than a few episodes and I have never laughed once and the banter between the inmates is like middle school drama as it is intellectually and emotionally challenged. I can't even understand why anybody would do this show? First off movies about prison that are any good are practically none, Green mile, Shawshank, other than that American Me and blood in blood out were intended as scared straight movies for teenagers I wouldn't gather my friends and family and watch them ever. This show relies way too much on pop culture referencing which guarantees it will never last the test of time as already most of its cracks are over people under 40's heads and way beyond their time. I don't know why American TV has become so self referential its like they figure all you do all day is sit in front of a TV and watch every single TV show just so you can get all the reference jokes? We can probably thank family guy for that one. How can anybody honestly sit through an hour of this meaningless empty garbage is beyond my understanding it is a complete waste of your time and life this show does not need to have hour long episodes and you can tell when you watch it that it has all been thrown together without any thought to how it sounds or how the end product is going to come out. Human drama of this low of a caliber doesn't interest me I need something if I'm going to waste my time watching TV emotion, wit, art this show has none of that. The cinematography sucks the camera has no motivation other than to focus on people their is absolutely no atmosphere of any kind so you never really feel imprisoned or trapped and so its never believable. The acting is dull and nobody seems to know how to deliver the jokes right which shows terrible directing. They actually say things like you made your bed and now your gonna lay in it are you kidding me? Again was that supposed to be a joke? I can not believe I had people recommend this crap to me knowing that I like good film but it says a lot about peoples love of shabby bickering and watching boring people do the most mundane things this show really lowers the bar so much the prisoners could just step over them and walk out of the jail. One episode for me goes like this wow that was bad, wow that sucked, wow was that a joke, wow those lines seem forced and written by a 12 year old, wow is there a reference to pop culture in every scene, wow is that supposed to be a clever twist, wow I wish I was at the dentist at least they have a reason for complete numbness, wow was that supposed to be a touchy moment, wow am I glad this pile of trash is over. Sorry but this show is raw sewage I tried to like it but there is nothing to like about it and no interesting characters to even give a damn about a complete waste of 60 minutes that gives you nothing in return.