I've tried to keep it spoiler free, but I'm sorry if there still are any.

"Lucifer" is an adaptation of the character Lucifer, also known as the angel of death (not sure though). But he has abandoned hell, and he has entered our world, where he meets Chloe, a police officer. With her he starts to solve mysteries, and that's the main premise of the series.

The directing of the series is very good, and consistent. The consistent part is very important, otherwise you would have a incoherent show, which isn't good, as you could've guessed. Of course this isn't the only thing that makes the show great, or that makes directors great. The directors didn't choose any shaky cam, and used all steady cam. I very much like this style. The fight scene in the finale was surprisingly good. I was genually surprised by this, because the shows fight scenes were most of the time small scale, but this time it was bigger... And better. The fight choreography was also fantastic. Way better than "Arrow", a show that's known for its fighting scenes. The cinematography was also just perfect. It felt like I was watching a movie, well, a short one. It's of course no "Fargo" or "Mr. Robot" (just to name a few recent shows) but it's good. The sound was also good, and not notably bad. But the soundtrack, boy the soundtrack. This was the absolute star of the show. I absolutely loved the idea of using music in the theme of god/heaven/hell/devil etc. This just made the show more fun. The editing was also good. I didn't really looked after mistakes, so there are of course things that are wrong, but nothing of putting. The make-up, as for they used some, was also pretty good.

The acting now. Well, this is a yes and no. The main actor is Tom Ellis. He absolutely nails the part. He is fantastic and believable as the character of the devil. Buuuuuut at times his acting capability just seemed to disappear and line deliveries were bad. For the most part though he was fantastic, but at moments I was thinking: What just happened? How come he delivered that line thát bad? He was intimidating when he needed too, and he didn't make me laugh at those times. It could've been possible if he was a complete bad actor. The person he teams up with is Chloe, she is played by Lauren German. Her acting was also pretty good. Nothing that really impressed me, though. She also has a daughter in the show, who actually plays a relatively big role. This role is played by Scarlett Estevez. Scarlett was fine. She really had her bad moments, but she still is very young, so I guess she'll evolve into a better actress. The supporting cast was also very good, I'll just skim over them really quick: Maz was good, Dan too, D.B. Woodside who played Amenadiel was very good.

The script was also fantastic. The dialogue was absolutely great. This, and the music, were the things that got me hooked immediately. The script writers managed to create a very well fleshed out character, and every line made it feel like this was something that the character would say. I'm obviously talking about the character of Lucifer Morningstar. He was funny, sarcastic, and amazing overall. He was very likable too. The character had a dark past, and has to deal with his things, and they put this down amazingly. Buuuuuuut (again) he is the only one that was really fleshed out. I understand that they did this, but I think that they should've given Chloe too a good character. They tried to do this, by the marriage side plot, with Dan, but this didn't work out. And that were a lot of 'buts'. Chloe was also annoying at times, because she couldn't seem to understand that Lucifer really was the devil. This was annoying, and stupid, because she is supposed to be a smart character. A thing a quickly want to mention is that I very much enjoyed the perspective that they took with this series. Telling it from the eyes of the devil himself. I know that this is an adaptation, but still. The 'crime of the week' thing they did, did work out for me. I would've loved that they payed more attention to the main story of the series. The first episode was very good, one of the best pilots I've seen. I say one of, because the pilot of "Mr.Robot" is the best one I've ever seen. The middle episodes had it's good and bad moments, but the last two episodes were very good again. The villain, though, wasn't the greatest. It wasn't someone intimidating enough, sadly.

I also liked the tone of the show. It had a dark atmosphere, but it also had its funny moments, let me tell you, it is a funny show. And I want to mention this because that it's very impressive how they managed to switch quickly between those two tones.

Overall this was a fun and entertaining show. I'm glad that it got renewed, and I'm looking forward to the next season!

9.5/10