Two stars for some of the actors, who are gamely doing a good job with very thin material, and the musical scoring, which is outstanding (CDs of the show are highly recommended). Otherwise, this is a fantasy of an office worker, who thinks being a biker means being able to commit crimes with impunity and living a porn-fantasy life of sleeping with every hot woman, including strippers and porn actresses, and zero consequences. 

Needless to say, real criminals who act this way end up in jail, and quickly. It is the conceit of this series that the "Sons of Anarchy" motorcycle club, in a tiny rural California town in the Inland Empire, can openly be a criminal gang and not be shut down ASAP by the FBI. (Yes, an FBI agent appears briefly in Season 1, but gets the crap beaten out of her and is eventually murdered, with no repercussions.) The local police are in collusion.

I was in Daytona Beach last month, and all the biker stores featured logo items from this show, so it clearly has a following. However, I see it as just cartoonish nonsense. For a show about BIKERS, there is astonishingly little actual motorcycle riding. The "club" exists to run guns, not Harleys. They appear to have no money, yet run elaborate military-style black ops crime sprees (or revenge sprees) and never get caught. At the end of Season 3, they actually go to Ireland, on the silliest plot thread imaginable -- Protganist Jax Teller (played by beach-boy pretty Charlie Hunnam, with a very unconvincing American accent he can't hang onto) has had his baby son (Abel, like "Cain & Abel", duh) kidnapped -- to IRELAND -- and they all go there, apparently WITH their motorcycles (but no PASSPORTS), to get the baby back....words can't describe how silly and unconvincing this is.

For starters, outside of a placement shot of some Irish countryside, this is clearly not shot on location and is obviously still in California. The difficulty of someone getting on a plane with a baby they have no papers or passport for, and then getting into a foreign country, are never explained. (Hint: it would be incredibly difficult, and of course they are making themselves incredibly conspicuous; not too bright for a criminal gang!). Also we are to believe there is a "branch" of the Sons of Anarchy in IRELAND. (Is there a branch in the Gaza Strip, too? Fallujah? Kabal? Bosnia?)

All through the series, the acronym SAMCRO is used for Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club Redwood Original. I had to look this up. It is NEVER explained; like many here, I thought it was a PERSON (Sam Crowe). This is how it is pronounced, which makes no sense.

Katey Sagal is basically reprising her Married with Children role of "Peg Bundy", only with streaked hair and brooding attitude. I keep waiting for her to break into comedy. Early on in the first episodes, her character Gemma is dealing with menopause and I thought there might be some serious introspection going on, but no. Ron Perlman looks great, but is too gentle and nice to be leading a vicious gang of thugs. Charlie Hunnam is too pretty and British to be convincing, and like I said, his accent isn't nailed down. Also: would a vicious motorcycle thug actually run around in white sneakers and clean white t-shirts all the time? REALLY?

Maggie Siff is particularly poor as a DOCTOR, a physician (!!!) who is in love with Jax, and helps him in his crimes, including escape from police and outright murder & assault. Apparently she cares very little for the medical license she worked 10 years or more to get! I can't even say enough how ridiculous this idea is -- maybe it could have worked if she was a NURSE or dental hygienist, but I simply can't buy the idea of a doctor getting jiggy with a criminal thug motorcycle gang member. Not to mention why she'd be willing to relocate to a tiny poor rural hospital and stymie her career in that way either. Siff is a weak actress as well, looking slackjawed and dull-witted as she does unbelievable stuff like make love with Hunnam's character NEXT TO A CORPSE.

I'm only at the end of Season 3 and it's only gotten more ridiculous episode by episode. I've seen more convincing science fiction with flying saucers and jellyfish aliens. Two thumbs down.