I got roped into watching the first few episodes of this clichéd pablum and won't be coming back for more. James Bond meets the Dukes of Hazard meets Duke Nukem to fulfill every adolescent white trash fantasy imaginable. The show in a nutshell: unlikeable, one-dimensional characters traipse about a small town assaulting people, bedding hot ladies and getting wrapped up in soap opera nonsense. Also, there are bitchin' motorcycles.

The objectification of women in this show makes Entourage look like The Vagina Monologues. A beautiful female agrees to sleep with a creepy stalker in exchange for a few hours of passion with our hero. The girlfriends of the dudes whose asses he whups, the checkout girl at the local grocery, the schoolgirls walking down the street, his ex-wife, his doctor: if there's a remotely attractive woman in frame, one can be sure she's enamored with our mulletted protagonist, Jax. It's later explained that beautiful women are apparently willing to serve in club harems for years in exchange for a slim chance at becoming some specific thug's "old lady". Be still, my beating heart.

In addition to the blatant alpha male wish fulfillment, the show is terribly unrealistic in other ways as well. Despite being a bunch of misogynistic, drunken idiots; gang members are quite capable of running a complex business; hacking into FBI computers; executing (casualty-free) precision military operations; and outwitting "the man" at every turn. Law enforcement ranges from corrupt to ineffectual but for damn sure won't do anything important in this series. Considering that the idyllic small town of Charming, California is more violent and lawless than Ciudad Juarez, one has to wonder why everyday citizens hold gangsters in such high regard. The message here seems to be that policemen making any attempt to do their jobs are just annoying buzz-kills getting in the way of everyone's fun. The audience is meant to identify with the rowdy bikers because, despite being ruthless criminals, all but the obvious bad guys have hearts of gold. And besides, Jax is secretly conflicted about the moral implications of his chosen profession. Perhaps by Season Five he'll have morphed the gang into a hippie commune -- just like daddy wanted.

The acting is passable and production value is decent. If the show could ditch the corny comic relief and introduce some subtlety or complexity or realism, it might be worth watching. As it stands, Sons of Anarchy is little more than Blaxploitation for poor white people. 3 stars.