'Sons of Anarchy' is a TV show about a motorcycle gang conducting both legal and illegal activity in a town called 'Charming'. This show has a following and is regarded as one of the best series of the decade. However, it's pretty much a big miss from the first to final season.

1. To start, every single character (of the main cast) is so God damn shallow. They constantly go back and forth between wanting to follow good morals, but then immediately fall back into doing stupid sh#t. Jax (Charlie Hunnam) and Tara (Maggie Sif) take the cake on this since they both are such complete idiots more than anyone else. You'd assume Tara has a brain for being a doctor, but no, she's just the typical low- level chick that chases after bad-boys, constant d*ck and the 'motorcycle thug-life'.

2. Charlie Hunnam is such a bad actor that he constantly struggles to grasp a North American accent in every episode. He's the worst of the group considering he's the star of the series. There is nothing redeemable about Jax, who it seems can't stop himself from humping anything that moves. The law of physics dictates that every action has a reaction. Hence every bad thing which happens to these characters, is a product of their own ridiculous and juvenile actions. 

3. I could care less about Katy Sagal (Gemma) who's as arrogant as can be. Ron Perlman (Clay) is the only actor that has some decent weight and dimensions to him. The story is the only hook of the series that keeps you interested, but that's about it. I keep using the word 'shallow', cause I can't find any other word that's non-vulgar to describe these characters. Their the bad-guy, plain and simple, and I personally can't root for the antagonists for six years, sorry.

Kurt Sutter (I'm sure) had some good intentions and ideas when creating this show, but unfortunately it never fully realized itself. The writing is amateur at best, with so may crindging moments just by the garbage-bin of dialogue coming out of the mouths of these stupid characters. Like my summary for the review, the 'Sons of Anarchy' can ride off a f#cking cliff.