I binge-watched the first couple of seasons. What really made me love it was actually how un-apologetically awful the characters could be. It was so refreshing to not have that "they might be bikers but they're really good persons inside, I swear" take on them for once. No attempt to make us forgive or diminish the horrible things they do and no turning them into victims. Of course, they have their own set of principles, values and code of honour - you can feel drawn to their quests because you can follow the logic even if it's not one you want to endorse. I loved the characters for that even if there is no denying that they would be horrible real-life persons. 

the third season is when I started going from disappointment to disappointment.

1. The main plot line of the season is really drawn out unnecessarily in a bit too much angst and when it FINALLY comes to it's resolution, we fall right back in a plot line that is so similar it made me literally roll my eyes.

2. Jax (the main character) started to get on my nerves. Instead of having significant character development, the writers have him constantly wallowing in man pain but recurrently doing mistakes - like killing the wrong person or trusting the wrong person (sometimes resulting in horrible consequences for someone who didn't deserve it) but never modifying his behaviour accordingly.

3. The portrayal of women. I know many of you will dismiss that point but not only is it gross, but it speaks of poor writing. No but I know the world of gangs is sexist and redneck, but you can portray sexism without being sexist. You are deemed to hate all of the women on this show. There is only two feminine archetype in it, really. The first: Gemma. The mom is a Machiavellian Lady Macbeth type: Controlling, manipulative in the worse ways and castrating. Plot- wise, she is actually more of an antagonist than an ally and she would even be a good one if they didn't burden her with being the only feminine character with any sort of power. The second type is embodied by absolutely all the other women we have met up until the end of season 3. They are bland, vapid and to varying degrees, "whores" (as an archetype). The women are not characters but plot devices and tools for "furthering the man pain". I mean Tara: lets talk about a poorly written character.

I admit that a 3 is still too harsh, but I really feel the need the compensate how over-rated this show is.