High IMDb ratings had led me to watch masterpieces such as The Wire, Dexter, The Shield, Breaking Bad, Six Feet Under, Treme, and Game of Thrones. With an 8.7 rating, I was confident that Sons of Anarchy would be another IMDb slam-dunk.

Boy was I wrong.

Sons of Anarchy isn't so much a drama as it is a soap opera with a generous dose of violence. The typical show begins with a montage of characters going through their morning routines, as oldies music plays in the background. Soon enough, someone gets a phone call, emits a distressed "Jesus Christ!", and our favorite band of criminals hops on their bikes to go solve the problem. This is shortly followed by a series of unbelievable explosions and senseless violence. By the end of the episode, teary promises have been made, and the episode concludes with more oldies music. Rinse, lather, and repeat. The story lines are bland and construed; the characters are weak and cheesy. Character development? Forget about it. Characters play the same roles, over and over again. They never learn, and they never evolve. More than anything, they are just boring. They fail to grip the viewer, and instead becoming something of an annoyance.

Not only are the episodes repetitive, but they are also riddled with plot holes. In the small town of Charming, California, the Sons of Anarchy somehow manage to explode bombs in broad daylight and murder hundreds of people, all without hardly a member going to jail. That's right, the small Charming police force only seems to be around when a plot hole needs to be filled, and when federal agents are finally involved, they bungle their work in the most unbelievable of ways. Let's put it this way, in the real world any gang remotely as brutal and careless as Sons of Anarchy was operating in small town in California, the FBI would be on them within the week. At some point it no longer is entertaining to watch the Sons of Anarchy engage in risky business because you quickly learn that with only a handful of exceptions, they are indestructible. They can blow up what they want, kill who they want, all while drunk and/or high, and not only that; they'll do it regularly and escape under the most incredulous conditions. Somehow this band of paroled alcoholics make the Navy SEALS look like a bunch of inexperienced rookies.

On the bright side, the production is good, and some of the music can be catchy. But these positives are heavily outweighed by the negatives. All in all, Sons of Anarchy is a sub par show. If you want a quality show along similar lines, go pick up a season of The Shield.