Okay so after hearing from many sources that Sons of Anarchy is a great TV show i decided to give it a shot. I found the pilot episode rather boring and so decided to give the show a fair chance and watched another 8 episodes. The problem with this show is that they are trying to mix a soap and a gangster drama like sopranos. Now even i critiqued that sopranos could have done with more action but sons of anarchy takes it to a whole new level.

The show so far has lacked a proper long term story-line. Its almost like watching a CSI Miami episode where there is a new story every episode with a very minimal attention to the overall story. Like in one of the episodes Jax, one of the main characters is in a vehicle transporting a dead body with some of his gangster buddies. A cop who has his sights set on their gang decides to pull them over and so to deal with the issue Jax pulls over and just as the police officer exits his car, another vehicle filled with Jax's friends rear ends the cop. As the cop turns around to look at the situation Jax exits his car and slashes the cops tires with a knife. Now the cop shoots at their tires as they drive off and thats where this entire dilemma ends.... cops don't even show up to arrest the crew... the show makes it really clear the cop knows each and every gang member. Why don't the cops do anything... Well two episodes later Jax goes into the police station to tell the same police officer that there is an FBI agent in the city harassing his girl, instead of the cop remembering their confrontation he is all like "omg no way,i knew something was up!" and swears to deal with the situation. Now i was like what the.., it gets even better Jax later calls the same police officer on his phone number( why does he have his cellphone number?! i thought they were supposed to hate each other) and says the FBI agent hasn't left. The cop tells Jax that he is going to go talk to the FBI agent and that he is at the barber shop, Jax goes to the barber shop and beats agent really badly. Now Jax's alibi is that he was getting a haircut and the agent attacked him, now I'm thinking well how did you beat the cop to the scene, how did you have the time to have the entire fight and then claim you were getting a haircut?.. the cop told you the location!! There are so many plot holes that this show can be painful to watch. Like the club president gets called in for questioning and he is smoking a Cuban cigar with the police chief(who is allied with the gang),okay fine you have the police chief in your pocket but like how are you discussing illegal activities with the police chief, in his office while his door is open?! like in one of the scenes the cop who is set out to arrest the club walks by and gives the president the "I'm on to you" look as he sees him smoking the Cuban with the chief. Now to make things even worse the president convinces the police chief to arrest the opposing gang leaders so he can discuss business and beef with them in the police holding cell.This show is a soap and that's all it is.. Even the battles are dumb, like in one of the biggest battles the Latino gang is completely surrounded and is being shot at by automatic weapons and shotguns, you see a few people get shot but then in the end they all drive off and not a single person on either side dies... How do people love this show? and to think i heard from a few sources that this show is better than Breaking Bad and Sopranos. Oh yeah and the FBI agent, Jax kills him in the girls house with a shot to the head and then has sex with the girl next to his dead body...