To begin with, for the sake of this review's "brevity" I'll just assume everyone willing to watch this series has read, watched or at least heard Sherlock Holmes and the basic argument at least once in their lives, if one were to watch the series without knowing who S.H is and / or dislikes it, I just really can't imagine what they should expect.

I've always liked the main argument of the iconic British detective, more precisely the "Consultant Detective", at first glance I was really skeptic about this modern day "21st century" Sherlock because I really thought Victorian London as a background was essential to be a proper Sherlock Holmes adaptation, turns out it isn't.

This brilliant BBC series just made me change my mind and look at Sir Conan's work as timeless, as an iconic story that can transcend time context; what's important is the remarkable stuff, the stories, the classic characters such as the war veteran and Doctor John Watson, the Land Lady Mrs. Hudson, the flat at 221B Baker Street in London, Scotland Yard and Inspector Lestrade, the super evil villain and Sherlock's arch-enemy professor James Moriarty, Sherlock's deductive skills, Watson's and Holmes' almost-odd partnership. Furthermore the actors turn out to be just as important as the characters they impersonate for an adaptation such as this, which in my opinion, specially Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman, execute their roles notoriously good.

The filming is amazing, it never fails to make you feel immersed in the case, the crime scenes, the fights, and even in Sherlock's head; alongside with a well written script and an intriguing plot. Moreover, the scenes in which Sherlock makes big assumptions and affirmations based on the particularly well played set of deductive skills are just fantastic, there are more than a few moments like these throughout the 3 seasons yet it doesn't feel intrusive, one is really waiting in each episode for Sherlock to deduce something, it is IMO a really cool part of the series.

The soundtrack fits perfectly, the intro is good, and the pleasant / exciting tune that plays in special scenes and moments does its job bringing that smile to your face. The darker scenes are properly accompanied by well made music that makes you feel the heat of the moment and suspense, it's a soundtrack that's even worth it to listen outside the series context.

The episodes are approx 90 minutes each, 3 per season, they feel more than short films rather than episodes, everything concerning the case, story, and major part of the plot is well treated and explained in each episode, one doesn't get the feel there's something out of place, nor something that was forgotten so it makes every episode enjoyable without frustration, teasing, and so on.

The characters as I said before, are very well played by their respective actors, one really comes to develop certain feelings for pretty much every character, even the secondary ones; the villains are not just generic bad guys who want X thing for Y reason like in certain Marvel movies. I could engage in individual descriptions of each character and the feelings they tend to develop in the spectator's mind, but since many reviewers and I rated the series at least 9/10 why don't you go it an discover it by yourself ? It is hard for me to think why someone could dislike the series (assuming what I said at the beginning of the review).

One could discard this whole commentary by saying I'm a "fanboy", the truth is I'm not, I just enjoyed Sherlock a lot and while pre-writing the review I really couldn't find anything wrong with the series, I loved it. Hence the solid Ten out of Ten, not an impulsive 10/10, not a fragile one either, a well deserved, justified and explained score.

In summary: Brilliant actors, epic performance and amazing production for a wonderful version of a classic and iconic story. The ultimate Sherlock Holmes IMHO.