a couple years ago i was watching the second installment of the Robert Downey Jr. Sherlock Holmes movies and i found myself wanting more. after getting some ebooks and reading some original material from Doyal i wanted to start watching something. I don't quite remember how i stumbled upon this show exactly. i think i saw the opening theme for the show on you tube or something.

So i watched the first episode and when i first say Benedict Cumberbatch (having never seen him in anything before) i was about 100% sure i didn't think he was going to be any good for the role.. or that he wouldn't meet up to the same level as Downey.

BOY WAS I WRONG!!!!!!!!!! This entire show is an 11 out of 10 no doubt. The modern twist to bring Sherlock up to date with modern times is with out a doubt some of the best writing i have ever seen. Imaging if Sherlock had access to the internet via a cell phone. well with this show you don't have to. The screen play is FANTASTIC. the integrity is there. the respect to the original works is shown in every scene. The re imagining of old stories is pure brilliance. And what i love most about the show is its use of graphical text on screen to show you things that are say.. being put into a cell phone text.. or things that Sherlock is thinking almost putting you in his shoes as you watch.. making you feel as if you could have somehow came to the same conclusions as him.

if you have not seen any of these and you are a fan of Sherlock.. be it the original books, the original series, the new movie reboots or even the rescue rangers version (lol) then you will not be disappointed with this... Last i checked it was on netflix.. go watch "A Study in Pink" (obviously a revamp of "A Study in Scarlet") and sit through that. you will not be disappointed i promise you.

If i had to give this show any cons it would be that they sometimes talk a little fast which i can still catch what they are saying but occasionally a word or two gets mushed together and i miss exactly what they were referring to but you usually gather from context.. and trust me you will watch this show enough times that you will eventually get everything... I've watched each episode at least 9 times each if not more.