Before seeing this show, I didn't really know much about the Sherlock Holmes series by Arthur Conan Doyle. Of course I've heard of it, because if I didn't, it's like I've been living under a rock. Before watching this show, I only saw the Robert Downey Jr. movie and I started watching this because I saw it has very good ratings and a very small number of episodes so, why not? And that was a GREAT decision. I didn't expect much, but since the first episode, I was amazed! Just WOW! And it still remains my favorite show to this day.

First, let's say something about the show in general and then, I will talk about every season one by one and update this review every time a new season comes out. I didn't really notice Benedict Cumberbatch much before I saw this show, but here, I started to really like him as an actor. He fits the role very well and the way he portrays the character of Sherlock Holmes is so believable that you can't imagine that it's just a person acting. A person that's probably nothing like the character. About Martin Freeman, before watching the show, I could only see him as Bilbo Baggins, but now I can see him only as John Watson. I guess that says enough. But the one who definitely steals the show is Andrew Scott in a role of a brilliant psychopath and the main villain of the show, Jim Moriarty. He's so much fun to watch every time he appears on screen and steals every scene he's in with his new and fresh portrayal we have never seen before. Now, about seasons.

Season 1 - First episode, "A Study In Pink", was a great start of something terrific and it got me hooked immediately with it's very interesting murder mystery and they couldn't pick a better way to get the viewer's attention for 90 minutes. Second episode, "The Blind Banker", is one of the show's weaker and less memorable episodes, but it's still enough to keep you entertained. Episode 3, "The Great Game" was a great finale with a very intense cliffhanger ending that also introduces the genius behind everything, Jim Moriarty. 10/10

Season 2 - The best TV season I've ever seen. It's so good that it feels cinematic at times. Episode 1, "A Scandal In Belgravia", felt like a movie to me. The story was happening through a longer period of time than usual and shows us one more memorable character, Irene Adler and not just this episode, but a whole season, shows us Sherlock's personality hiding behind that brilliant mind. Episode 2, "The Hound of the Baskervilles", is in my opinion the most underrated episode of the show. While it is the weakest in the season, I like it so much, even more than all other episodes of the other season (at this moment 3 seasons are out). Episode 3, "The Reichenbach Fall", is probably the most intense and the best episode of the show. Every scene is pure brilliance. I won't say anything else, you have to see it for yourself to go through it's pure greatness. 10/10

Season 3 - The weakest season so far (maybe because of the villain's absence), but still very, very good and entertaining. Episode 1, "The Empty Hearse", is a nice comeback but it's one of the show's weaker episodes and the weakest of the season and the plot isn't really memorable. Episode 2, "The Sign of Three", is very fun and a perfect fan service, made mostly of flashbacks, but it's just so much fun and it's my favorite episode of this season. Episode 3, "His Last Vow", is the most important one of the season. They tried to bring in another genius and menacing villain, but he did nothing for me. I just found him annoying and disgusting. But they still had one brilliant part that was all in Sherlock's mind and the ending of this episode will satisfy a lot of fans, promising a lot for Season 4. 9/10

Overall, this is one of the most brilliant shows I've ever seen and the producers know exactly what they are doing. There are long time gaps between seasons, but they are worth the wait because the creators know exactly what they are doing with each step they take.