The subject of this post is a joke, because I can't possibly write anything balanced about something acted in by Benedict Cumberbatch.

We've seen Sherlock Holmes modernized before, as propaganda films during World War II and starring Basil Rathbone. He is one of the definitive Sherlocks; Jeremy Brett is another. I'm not old enough to have seen William Gillette in the role. I'm sure he was good, and in photos, certainly has the appearance.

Now it's the 21st Century and we're seeing a different kind of Sherlock, a modern one who uses text messaging and his cell phone and his computer. But guess what, he's the same brilliant observer and the same eccentric man he's always been, although perhaps a touch more human. And because there's a modern sensibility to the stories, because Sherlock and Watson are roommates, people assume they're gay.

The problem with the Rathbone series, which I loved, was Sherlock's relationship with Watson. Watson was portrayed as a bumbler, and Sherlock seemed to look down on him -- not just intellectually, because Sherlock looks down on everyone that way, but as a person. The Brett series was perfection.

"Sherlock" is still at 221B Baker Street; the "Baker Street Irregulars" are now a group of homeless people. The original Arthur Conan Doyle stories have been tweaked to modernize them. Brother Mycroft is around, as are Sherlock's parents (Cumberbatch's real life parents Timothy Carlton and Wanda Ventham). Instead of writing stories, Watson writes a blog.

Classics have a way of being able to fit into any time, and Sherlock Holmes is no exception. The basis is the same: an eccentric, brilliant detective, his more down to earth war hero friend who assists him in cases, both of whom have adventures as Sherlock tries to clear London of crime.

Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman make a fantastic Holmes and Watson, with undeniable chemistry. The scripts are solid with a lot of style and atmosphere. The leads are surrounded by a remarkable cast including Una Stubbs as Mrs. Hudson, Rupert Graves as Lestrade, Andrew Scott as Moriarity, Mark Gatiss as Mycroft, and Louise Brealey as Molly, who works in the lab used by Holmes and has a crush on Sherlock.

Unfortunately for the series, it catapulted Benedict Cumberbatch to stardom, after he had been working as an actor for ten years, and put both he and Martin Freeman in huge demand. However, both actors have signed on for a fourth season. I hope it lasts forever.