Benedict as Sherlock is just bloody brilliant. Physically, because as IMDb trivia tells me: "Benedict Cumberbatch was cast after Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss watched his performance in Atonement. They thought he looked like a perfect Holmes." But more than physically, he exudes a mysterious aura. "You being all mysterious with your cheekbones and turning your coat collar up so you look cool," as Watson put it in one episode. But more than mysterious, he is witty and brilliant, but arrogant and socially inept, and you could loathe him but end up just being wowed by him. He actually reminds me of Dr. House, and no wonder, since Dr. House was actually patterned after Sherlock Holmes's character. Meanwhile, John Watson is not the same dull sidekick from the short stories who just does whatever Sherlock asks him to do. He is still Sherlock's chronicler, though, but now he blogs on his laptop instead of typing away on his clunky typewriter. Most importantly, they have great chemistry, and it is very easy to fall in love with their friendship-slash-bromance.

The genius in the modernized episodes is not just in transporting stories that were first penned in the 1800s and giving them a modern incarnation, but in that they actually kept just small kernels of the real stories in the shows but changed the way the episodes play out. For example, the first story about Sherlock was actually called "A Study in Scarlet" and the first episode in the TV show is called "A Study in Pink." They kept a kernel from Scarlet - the mysterious pills used for murder and the profession of the murderer, but they changed the motives for the murder. And also, the word "rache" scratched out at the murder scenes had different meanings in Scarlet and Pink. The way they used it in Pink, though, as an important clue, was just pinkly brilliant!

But even if you're completely unfamiliar with the original stories, you will still enjoy the show, which is full of humor, mystery and action. Each episode is 90 minutes long, however, but there's only three episodes per season and only two seasons so far, so it's quite easy to catch up. I mostly laugh while watching, but that last episode from season 2, The Reichenbach Fall, got me crying a river even though I already knew how the ending would be, based on the title, which was also taken from an original. The ending is a cliffhanger though and Season 3 is going to be in 2013 - so far away! My low EQ! Argh! I guess I gotta be content with my own guesses to explain what happened for now.

And oh, the fact that I've watched the episodes more than three times each is a testament to just how bloody brilliant it is.