The sacred texts are dragged kicking and screaming into the 21st century in a BBC production so brilliant that it almost makes me regret some of the terrible things I've said about the Corporation in the past. The hansom cab,the 7% solution,the gasogene have been consigned to history at last,the horses' hooves,the shouting newsboys,the London Omnibus no longer provide the soundtrack. The Marylebone Road now echoes with police sirens and "Bradshaw" has been replaced by the internet.Congratulations are due to the writers who had the courage to perform this long overdue procedure. The Ulster and the deerstalker were becoming just a little fusty,I fear. Much like "Bleak House" in 2005 "Sherlock" is slightly afflicted by differential focus and B.C.U.s perhaps best suited to selling expensive motor cars,but it's a small price to pay for 90 minutes top quality television. Mr Cumberbatch's Holmes is as tricky as a bag of weasels and showboats like a circus pony but he's just a little camp,damned clever and not at all prone to the English disease of self - deprecation. It's a bravura performance. As Watson,Mr M.Freeman presents a grand set of facial twitches,tics and moues - to the extent that in many instances he doesn't actually need any dialogue.He is well on the way to becoming one of the most idiosyncratic of the younger generation of British TV actors. A harder task faced Mr R.Graves who had to alter our perceptions of the bone - headed Inspector Lestrade and re - invent him as an intellligent and tolerant man who likes and respects Holmes instead of simply using him as a court of last resort. Writer Mr Mark Gattis plays Mycroft Holmes as a dandy,almost a shade of John Steed with his furled umbrella and apparently casual demeanour. Aptly enough,his Girl Friday bears a resemblance to Emma Peel.I look forward to seeing how their characters develop during the series. I hope the lovely Miss L.Brealey will be given a chance to put herself forward a bit as the lab assistant with a bit of a thing for Holmes but towards whom he is completely indifferent. Odffered as an alternative to the alphabet soup franchise of American cop shows that crowd out our schedules,"Sherlock" is wildly different,ambitious,funny and very entertaining.Surely it must now really be time for "Trebles all round" at the BBc bar?