This show is astonishing, well-acted and different enough to create a fresh Sherlock Holmes adaption without disappointing (most of) the fans of the books. This of course has some exceptions, as I found out searching through the 220-something reviews. But I put my vote forward for the 'excellent' scale. Though many of the characters are different from the book characters, and their relationships are sometimes a little different from their written counterpart, I quite like it. As a book-fan myself, I find it refreshing for people, meaning actors and writers, to step a little out of the constraints of the book, and yet still stick to the ideas so well. The sets are astonishing, anyone who has experience in theatre or television will agree that the subtle symmetry and detailed sets are masterful. You look through Baker Street and find little homages to the books, subtle little references that make this show such a gem. You can tell that the writers are avid fans, and I think that's what makes it all so alive. I also really like the fact that the seasons are so short. They have so much hard work put into each and every one and so much detail,they become three astonishingly brilliant episodes, rather than ten 'very good' ones. The time between release... Well, the cliffhangers are killers, but if a longer wait means better programs, I'll wait. 

Benedict Cumberbatch's portrayal of Sherlock is amazing, and in a modern setting, fits well. So perhaps he isn't as genial as the book Holmes - he certainly doesn't laugh as much - but I think he makes up for this with his relationship with John, which takes the cake, so close to perfection. Martin Freeman is a spectacular Watson, as good friend and a man with some steel. He deserved that BAFTA, he is a genius with his facial expressions and reactions. His presence makes the whole show flow. Congratulations cast, crew, and writers of Sherlock. You may not have won everyone, but you've certainly won me. Please, continue. (BUT AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE.)