For those of you that have looked at my previous reviews and asked, "Wait, I thought you were a science fiction fan?" Well, my friend, I would say that I'm a fan of great works of art. That's why I not only review when I believe a work has merit (or when it's a piece of schlock that needs to be revealed... *cough* "Fahrenheit 911" *cough*) and I can honestly give a 10 out of 10 rating.

To not give a rating of such to "Sherlock" would be a disservice and a slap in the face to a great literary character legend. And to do so, even in the venue such as this, is a great honor and pleasure.

In first viewing this, it came totally by the suggestion of a great friend of mine. She called me one night - along the same lines as she did with another BBC show of the same caliber, "Doctor Who" - and told me that I needed to see this because I was "a book geek." Knowing that she tuned me into a great show once, I figured to take the hit and do it once again.

Thank you, Hannah, for showing me a great series...

For those of you who may not know, Sherlock Holmes was conceived by the great author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, who also pinned "The Lost World" and several spiritual-based and non-fiction novels. It was only shown until now (with the exception of the heavily-bastardized version "Elementary" on CBS) as period pieces that starred some of the greatest actors of all time, like Sir Christopher Lee, Tom Baker (the 4th Doctor in the "Doctor Who" series), and Peter Cushing (who played Grand Moff Tarkin in "Star Wars: A New Hope" and Doctor Who in the only two films based on the franchise). 

The updating of the Sherlock Holmes mythos into the 21st century didn't come without doubt from me. However, the truth was that the characters work so well in the modern day. Afghanistan war veteran Dr. John Watson (played masterfully by Martin Freeman of "The Hobbit" trilogy) meets Sherlock Holmes (expertly and beyond-words greatly played by Benedict Cumberbatch of "Star Trek: Into Darkness") in Holmes' lab. Afterwards, Watson is taken on a ride that not only helps him readjust to returning from deployment but also allows him to have a friend in the very hard and beyond obsessive-compulsive consulting detective.

The series, although short by American standards, recreates some of Holmes' best literary adventures. My favorite of the entire series was "The Hounds of Baskerville," the updated version of the novel "The Hound of the Baskervilles." I loved how they took the story and turned it on its head, even for those who love the novel. The executive producer and co-creator Steven Moffet (in the same roles as with the "Doctor Who" series) brings his great writing chops from the Doctor to Sherlock and makes the character alive with real-world humor and suspense.

The series, which was shown on both BBC and PBS stations in "Masterpiece Mystery", is a great gem of television that shouldn't be discounted. It's for fans of action, dark humor, and mystery alike, and is a great piece of art that would perfectly work in English or literary classes as great representations of their adapted novels.

It gives those who are fans of literature something to hang on to, especially when some of the greatest quotes in the history of writing returns with great life. "When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth." - Sherlock Holmes (Benedict Cumberbatch), "The Hounds of Baskerville"