The modern day adaptation of Sherlock Holmes is brilliant. It's bloody brilliant.

Depictions of Sherlock Holmes are sometimes infuriatingly different, from hyped up action style emphasis on the character, to the unavoidable stuffiness of the Victorian era that seems to match the books the closest. Even without taking into account Sherlock Holmes on the screen, the Sherlock in the original stories by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle is difficult to place. The good doctor Watson's point of view makes Sherlock all the more perplexing, and it's easy to give up and say that perhaps no one will ever understand him.

Yet, he resonates with us so much as to be the most widely portrayed character. A fictional character with a museum to his name. Sherlock Holmes lived, he lived in the hearts of Londoners, and continues to do so in everyone who's ever read the books or seen a movie or watched a show about him. The problem is, he's not here.

He was there in Victorian London. He owned a flat at 221b Baker St. Guy Ritchie has the most recent adaptation of the horse drawn carriages, the weapons and London post- industrial revolution, the clothes. All rather grand and flashy, but we aren't in that era.

Published in the Strand Magazine, Sherlock was dashing about right around the corner. The little boy that ran frantically across the street, he had information for Mr. Sherlock Holmes. It was looking for Spiderman in New York. It was looking for Sherlock Holmes in London.

Warning, paragraph below has spoilers, but who doesn't know the story of Sherlock Holmes? 

Sherlock, a modern day adaptation of Sherlock Holmes, brings that back. We can believe in Sherlock Holmes. We can angrily shout out to the creators of Sherlock to bring him back after the fall at the Reichenbach, like Strand readers demanded of Doyle after his own The Final Problem. Strand readers canceled their subscriptions even.

But, for no means take that as an incentive to stop watching. I'm pushing everyone to watch... And at the risk of having a broken heart or two being blamed on my encouragement, all I have to say is "It'll be fun."

And it most certainly is. Sherlock is funny, where even back when, people talked about two bachelors sharing a flat, people talk now. It has the ever resourceful Sherlock with a phone. Texting. Hilarity ensues, of course.

So, Sherlock is still alive. Vincent Starrett's famous poem "221B" goes: 221B

Here dwell together still two men of note Who never lived and so can never die: How very near they seem, yet how remote That age before the world went all awry.

But still the game's afoot for those with ears Attuned to catch the distant view-halloo: England is England yet, for all our fears– Only those things the heart believes are true.

A yellow fog swirls past the window-pane As night descends upon this fabled street: A lonely hansom splashes through the rain, The ghostly gas lamps fail at twenty feet.

Here, though the world explode, these two survive, And it is always eighteen ninety-five.

– Vincent Starrett

I believe in Sherlock Holmes.