In a dusty studio in 13th Century Italy, the infamous painter, Duccio produced some of the most famous paintings of The Madonna the world had laid its eyes upon. They were popular and prolific. They told a simple story that suited the political and religious climate of the times. In 2004, The Met in New York purchased one his Madonnas for $45 million.

Six centuries later, the devout catholic surrealist, Salvador Dali, took these well-worn images and added another dozen layers of meaning. His 'Madonna of Port Lligat' was not meant to be a replacement for Duccio. His Madonna was simply a more complex exploration of an icon for a more complex age. However, it can't be denied that today's gallery visitors linger a little longer at Dali than they do with Duccio. There's just more meat to the modern version.

This is the somewhat convoluted analogy I draw between the old Sherlock and the BBCTV upgrade of the icon.

There are many Sherlockian purists out there whose itchy fingers are ready on the trigger to shoot down the modernised Sherlock even before the opening credits. Lay down your guns for a moment and consider the following: 

The 21st century Sherlock transforms the original's hazy deductions into clearly mapped intuitions that would be the envy of the best forensic scientists. The old Sherlock's meaningless platitudes have been rewritten by a deft hand into a script as sharp as a diamond with just as many facets. Sherlock's vague eccentricity is now properly defined as the behavior of a highly functioning sociopath - as it should be.

Yet after all this clarity, there is still mystery. Sherlock's reactions to people make you wonder about the shared past of the two characters. There are artifacts, props, and one-liners begging questions that perhaps will never be answered. Herein lies the spirit of the original mystique of the books.

The Sherlock mythology has evolved from a popular potboiler to a master-class in television drama. Those who crafted this work for our pleasure tip their hat respectfully to Conan-Doyle. They realise we simply want a more complex exploration of an icon for a more complex age. Looking forward to season two.