To paraphrase another reviewer, it was very hard to imagine another Sherlock Holmes as good as the one played by Jeremy Brett. Moreover, I had an even harder time imagining a TV series that was capable of creating a Sherlock Holmes for the 21st century. But incredibly the makers of "Sherlock" accomplished both things. For me, Jeremy Brett set the standard for 19th century Sherlock Holmes that cannot be beaten. So I appreciated the fact that instead of having an actor try to follow Brett's act, the makers of the latest series created a brilliant and breathtakingly modern version of Sherlock Holmes, with strong signs of asperger syndrome, which Benedict Cumberbatch plays brilliantly. To stress how good Cumberbatch is in this series, a comparison with Robert Downey Jr's Holmes is in order. In the case of Downey Jr., you see a professional actor who is exerting considerable effort to convince you that he is Sherlock Holmes. But Cumberbach, by contrast, seems to play Sherlock Holmes so effortlessly that you often forget that you are watching an actor on screen. He's that good.

The other remarkable thing about this series was that the stories are far more sophisticated than a simple remake of the old Sherlock Holmes series. With many series and movies, a remake often seems less fresh, more predictable and less entertaining, because you have already seen the original and therefore you are not as impressed with the new version. That's how I felt seeing "Vanilla Sky" which was the remake of the far more interesting "Open Your Eyes." Yet the makers of the "Sherlock" series have beautifully reinvented the old Sherlock Holmes, brought him straight into the 21st century, found ways of integrating technology (the internet, smart phone, etc.) into his detective work, and have made the detective stories to fit a modern context without diluting any of their entertainment value. 

For example, the 19th century John Watson wrote about Sherlock Holmes' cases in a notebook by hand. Well obviously writing by hand in a notebook will not fly in the 21st century. So the 21st century John Watson writes a blog about Sherlock Holmes and inadvertently turns the detective into an internet phenomenon. But the makers of this series don't stop there, but are imaginative enough to create a whole new series of jokes around John Watson's blog, Sherlock's internet status, and even the fact hat Watson's blog is more interesting that Sherlock's blog on the 243 different kinds of cigar ash. Now that is smart. 

Another wonderful little innovation in the Sherlock series, which I also appreciated, relates to Mrs. Hudson. In the 19th century, Mrs. Hudson was the servant of Sherlock Holmes because in those days any person from the middle class had a servant. But servants for middle class families were obsolete by the 21st century. So the makers of "Sherlock" decided to make Mrs. Hudson a landlady instead who criticizes Sherlock Holmes for doing crazy things like shooting the apartment wall when he's bored. "That's coming right out of your rent, young man!" 

Finally the villains in the new "Sherlock" series are very interesting, including Professor Moriarty who has a marvellous, delinquent intensity and Irene Addler (or the Woman). A must see.