I should preface this by saying that I am a massive Sherlock Holmes fan and have read most of the books/short stories. I have not seen as many adaptations as I would like, but I have seen SHERLOCK HOLMES (Downey Jr.) and SHERLOCK HOLMES: A GAME OF SHADOWS (again Downey Jr.) and enjoyed both of them. However this is not a review of either of those movies, this is a review of the fantastically brilliant series SHERLOCK. I had the great pleasure of watching the last season before it aired in Australia (legally!) and was extremely satisfied. In fact, I cannot find any faults in this series at all. I'm sure that there are some, but I am not one to snark and poke plot holes in something. SHERLOCK re-imagines Sherlock Holmes as living in the 21st century and in accordance with that he now has a website called The Science of Deduction which you can actually visit here: http://www.thescienceofdeduction.co.uk/ There is also a website for John Watson's blog: http://www.johnwatsonblog.co.uk/ (WARNING: DON'T READ THE BLOG ENTRIES IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THE EPISODES THAT THEY ARE FOR, I HAVE ATTACHED A SPOILER WARNING JUST IN CASE THIS WOULD GET ME BLACKLISTED) There are also two other websites but they are fairly inconsequential. You can find them on the Wikipedia article for the show if you so desire. The show opens with the famous first meeting of Sherlock Holmes (Benedict Cumberbatch) and Dr. John Watson (Martin Freeman). The narrative then follows their adventures together as they solve crimes and eventually become good friends. Benedict Cumberbatch is absolutely brilliant as Sherlock and Martin Freeman is equally impressive as Watson. All the staples are there, such as Mrs. Hudson (Una Stubbs) and Lestrade (Rupert Graves). There are also other characters that I won't spoil for you. The series also looks really good and the soundtrack works well with the action. I can comment on the whole series, having seen all six episodes. You could argue that "A Scandal In Belgravia" is the weakest episode due to the absence of any real mystery, but it's still quality television and the breathtaking Irene Adler (Laura Pulver) is mysterious enough to make up for it. One of the things that most impressed me was the brilliant modernization of "The Hound of the Baskervilles" in the episode "The Hounds of Baskerville". Also of note is Andrew Scott's brilliantly insane performance as Sherlock's archnemesis, Moriarty. Heed my warning, bring tissues to the series two final, "The Reichenbach Fall". I will update my review once I have seen the third series (not out yet). Note that the episodes are ninety minutes long, but I don't find this exhausting as it gives the story better pacing. It's almost like three mini-movies a season. I can go with that. Martin Freeman has stated that there should be a third season after he finishes filming THE HOBBIT: THERE AND BACK AGAIN. I eagerly await it with about ninety-nine percent assurance that it will maintain it's freshness. Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss write great dialogue for the series and have also written episodes of DOCTOR WHO, my favourite television series since I was seven. Steven Moffat currently runs the show. I have confidence in them and rest assured that the third series and however many come after that will maintain the brilliance of the first two series. This is one of the greatest television series I have ever seen and I enjoy it immensely. SHERLOCK is a thrilling and oftentimes rather funny modernization of the famous detective.