This series is worth 10 stars. I am no big fan of Sherlock Holmes. I have read the books only partly and the films with Robert Downey Jr. were not very convincing. But the series makes me a fan of Sherlock Holmes by the choice of the actors and the roles which they embody.

Benedict Cumberbatch embodies Sherlock Holmes in a brilliant way. A person with no understanding of human feelings and actions. But even if he doesn't like the human kind he still tries to help them. Even if he only does this because he likes puzzles or apparently indissoluble tasks. However, some persons lie him at the heart. This makes him, nevertheless, very much sympathetically. By his clumsiness with other people he develops a certain humour. In his nature he reminds me often of Sheldon Cooper from The Big Bang Theory. Both have problems to understand people and avoid human contact. And only a small circle of people is really important to them.

I love Martin Freeman as Dr. Watson. He is the funny heartwarming part. Sometimes it looks like they dislike each other but in the end they are like brothers. Both need one another, which you can see best in season 3.

Andrew Scott embodies here the opponent Sherlocks as Jim Moriarty. For me the best actor in this series. He is just like Sherlock a brilliant person who uses his intelligence for the evil and tries to trump Sherlock. He has a certain madness which Andrew Scott simply embodies very well and in a certain way I like Jim Moriarty.

Mrs. Hudson brings a certain humour to this series. She is the good heart in this series which takes care of Sherlock and Watson and in certain way she is like a mother for the both.

I like Molly Hooper very much. She is a kind-hearted person, who does everything for Sherlock on account of her feelings for him. Even if he's often very mean to her she still likes him and helps where she can. In a certain way I hope that Sherlock feels the same way about her one day. Although he has feelings for another woman.

The music to the series is simple brilliantly. I love these melodies and they fit perfectly to this series. Altogether the series is brilliant. You can see that BBC not simply produces a series, you notice here the dedication for the thing and the love to the detail. Also the choice of the actors fit very well. I can hardly expect the fourth season.