In up-to-the-minute urban white-collar London, in ultra-modern skyscrapers made of glass and city streets where one could almost never find Waldo in the sea of Hackney carriage taxis, the police probe the seeming suicides of a succession of people by taking a lethal pill. Scotland Yard consults their unsanctioned specialist: He is remarkably aloof, at the expense of sometimes very sensitive individuals. He is intensely preoccupied, always at his own behest, with one narrow subject at a time. Nevertheless, we marvel at how quickly he notices, chooses and fits pieces of any and every puzzle together.

John Watson enters the lab, having never seen him before, walking with his cane, the tremor in his hand acting up, but no more than usual. "Afghanistan or Iraq?" asks this strangely off-the-record consultant. His name is Sherlock Holmes. No one surrounding him seems capable of fathoming the seeming stabs in the pitch-dark that he makes, until he investigates one of the ostensible suicides, and director Paul McGuigan puts us inside his head. What a rush. The deduction sequences are inspired, and the plot is timeless Moffat sophistication. The consulting detective deduces that the ex-woman was unfaithful to an gloomy, ten-year marriage. Examining the woman's clothing and accessories, he finds that she's not from here and meant to stay overnight. Why does he say that? Splashes of mud on only one leg, caused by the wheel of her modern rolling case. But wait. Rupert Graves' exasperated Lestrade says no suitcase was found. It turns out that the murderer dumped it in a nearby trash bin.

Traditionalists will become indignant, as traditionalists invariably do. And it will be their loss, as BBC's brisk, hilarious and sometimes startlingly intense Sherlock is bizarrely faithful to the hero's quasi-autistic aptitude for deduction, much more so than innumerable contemporary incarnations of the character that do retain the Victorian milieu. Yes, here Holmes sends texts, explores the internet, and navigates GPS. Just as he always has, in some form or another! The great deducer always has been a sort of diet MacGyver in his employment of any device possible and he was constantly in the lab conducting experiments.

Martin Freeman's able, steadfast Watson undoes this current Holmes, a man who now succinctly explains himself as "a high-functioning sociopath." It's vital that Watson is not dim-witted, as Holmes invariably thinks nearly everyone else is by comparison to him, a reasonable enough assessment on par with his detective work. Benedict Cumberbatch is a bravura outlandish creature as Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's indeed timeless literary eccentric, while Freeman mines a nature of down-to-earth canto in the everyday chap. For all the spectacle of Holmes' practically superhuman deduction, there is considerable equivalent in Watson's credibility and fastidious realism.

In the second episode and third wheel, Sherlock is appointed by an old comrade to explore an inexplicable burglary at a bank in the city. He finds that a secret code is meant for a certain bank employee, later found dead at home. Soon after, a member of the press is dead with the same cipher found near. Holmes and Watson pursue a trajectory of evidence that connects the two deaths to, of all things, a Chinese smuggling cartel, who are attempting to recover a precious stolen parcel. The most interesting element in this disappointingly conventional episode is Holmes exploring Suzhou numerals and cryptograms, but not before the dreaded convention of Watson and a romantic prospect is introduced, and must fend off kidnappers. A fascinating variation of Russian roulette concocted by the unlikeliest of culprits is revealed to be at the heart of the (almost) entirely unrelated deaths in the pilot, but we were following Holmes' thought process, not a clockwork plot.

But boy does the series rebound with a stunner of a finale as Sherlock is contracted by his brother Mycroft to inspect the shady death of a government worker who was working on a confidential defense development. Upon declining the case, Sherlock begins to be mocked by a menacing villain who traps his fatalities in explosive vests and sets Sherlock time limits to crack seemingly unconnected cases. Moffat and Gatiss certainly knew what they wanted to do with this indispensable Holmes counterpart from the comparatively unassuming start. Often a somewhat humdrum, aristocrat, he is now actually, fully alarming, an unadulterated psycho of Joker proportions. Things conclude with the tightest little cliff-hanger I've seen since the end of Breaking Bad's third season.