Sherlock / Not Rated but could be PG-13 for crime, a little violence and adult themes. My mom read to me a lot and sealed my fate as a BIG reader. One of my early favorites from about 8 years old on was Sherlock Holmes. I helped ruin my eyesight by continuing to read after "lights out" under the covers via flashlight. Don't recommend it. This was due to my insatiable interest in the Arthur Conan Doyle character, Sherlock Holmes, and his companion Dr. Watson. Jules Verne is also partially to blame for "Mysterious Island" and my inability to stop reading when I was supposed to. I have forgiven him. Sherlock Holmes, in movies and TV, is one of the most filmed of all characters in fiction. And well he ought to be. A recent restoration of a silent era, first appearance of Sherlock in film was a wonderful addition to the Sherlock Holmes film collection. John Barrymore was the first SH and Roland Young was his sidekick. William Powell was in the 1922 version, who also played a brilliant detective in his own right as Nick Charles in The Thin Man in 1934 and all its sequels. Powell also played the lesser known Philo Vance crime solver during this era. Basil Rathbone created the best known and probably the most popular SH over many decades up to now. 2010 gives us a new look at the old character. There is no charge to see the new incarnation. PBS Mystery! Series has premiered its first 3 episodes of "Sherlock". The story has been updated to the 21st Century. British actor, Benedict Cumberbatch is the new SH with Martin Freeman as the new Dr. W. The first episode is a refresher of the SH legend with a new story title, "A Study in Pink" which is an updating of the original AC Doyle story, "A Study in Scarlet". ACD is co-credited as a writer but the update belongs to Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat. MG also appears in a very important (un-credited) role in the series. Their writing and update is BRILLIANT. Combining the old elements that have made the series enduring and beloved, it adds all kinds of 21st century twists and turns. The story in the opener is a good old fashioned murder mystery with an evil serial killer doing bad. A bigger evil looms behind him. It's the manner they have chosen to tell the story which is original and BRILLIANT. The actors are dead on. No pun intended. There is just enough humor to take off the hard crime edge. Without giving away too much, I can tell you that it's all "Elementary". Find this show on your local PBS station and don't miss it. And, yes, for aficionados, Dr. Watson was recently in Afghanistan. It's rare to experience anything this good but when it's on free TV it's BRILLIANT. Rated 4.0 out of 4.0 reasons this review may not be BRILLIANT but it sure is one of personal thanks to the BBC folks and PBS. NOTE: another Robert Downey Jr./Jude Law (Sherlock Holmes 2009) film is also in the works. Since it's not due out till December 2011 this new TV version will hold over the die hard fans like me. And, maybe you. BRILLIANT.