This is my first ever review on IMDb so let's see how it turns out.

I've now seen the first season of Sherlock and I really enjoyed watching it. Before I watched it I wasn't completely convinced of the idea of bringing Holmes, Watson and the other characters to the modern day. I mean, it is a risky thing to do especially when you're playing with a very classical old character who has many devoted fans. But the show completely exceeded my expectations. I fell in love with it the moment they showed the character of Sherlock Holmes. The script is very well-written so that you don't really even notice that the characters are originally over a hundred years old. They blend in with modern day nicely and the writers have not forced anything.

The characters are well-played and the humor is clever. Cumberbatch is a great actor and he really brings this smart craziness to the character of Holmes. But I especially liked Freeman's Watson because he kind of brings this calm balance to the more untamed Holmes. And there is definitely some character development happening during the first season! All the other actors were also really good and I didn't notice any poor acting at any point.

The writers have really done a great job. In my opinion Sherlock does not underestimate the viewer like some shows do. You really have to pay attention but luckily the plot is a nice variation of calm and more intense moments which keep the viewer watching. Of course the episodes are quite long but it didn't bother me.

I also really liked the music in the series. I don't know why but the main theme that plays whenever the main characters are up to something really suits the show. It brings this vibe of old times Sherlock Holmes but it sort of suits the modern day setting as well.

This is very different from the recent Sherlock Holmes movie where Robert Downey Jr. played the main character. I actually fell asleep while watching that movie (though, I was very tired then). This version of Sherlock is something else. More down to Earth maybe. Maybe more British? Definitely more realistic as the setting has been changed to modern day.

The only negative thing I can come up with is that the first season had only three episodes. And the cliffhanger between the seasons just makes me wanna see more! Unfortunately I have to wait some months for the next episodes...