(The plot spoilers are in the last two paragraphs. The only other 'spoilers' might be how I've said the characters develop, although that's an opinion.)

I've never read the books or seen any of the TV incarnations but it's impossible to watch with an entirely open mind. Everybody has heard of Sherlock Holmes and no doubt has the image of a deer-stalking wearing, pipe-smoking man with a moustache and a magnifying glass. I was sceptical about a modern-day version as the general image of Holmes is so ingrained into popular culture, and I thought that Facebook and Twitter would just cheapen it (luckily he doesn't use them, although there are texts and googling).

I reckoned it was just another attempt to modernise to make things 'cool' when they already were so I didn't watch the first two episodes. I was sceptical of the hype.

I watched the third episode because it was the only thing on at that time and I thought I might as well watch (plus it had Rupert Graves in). I was proved wrong- it was gripping and entertaining, and at 90 minutes, it was practically a film. So I rushed to watch the other two! I don't know how true Benedict Cumberbatch is to the original Sherlock or how he holds up against the other TV portrayals, but he did a nice job- on one hand he was an arrogant show-off with no regard for the police but as the first episode evolved, Sherlock becomes a mysterious outsider who doesn't care what others think of him.

The series really excelled with the secondary characters. Martin Freeman was particularly good as Watson, a character who in TV clips seems to be a bumbling sidekick. In fact, most detective's sidekicks seem to be bumbling idiots who have no life outside of the detective. But in this version, Watson is a guy with his own problems- he's also been away from society, as a doctor in war-torn Afghanistan. The dynamics between Cumberbatch and Freeman are compelling- once the gay jokes had been done with, you could see that the two genuinely cared about each other. Sherlock's sexuality wasn't explicitly stated but the conclusion was that he wasn't interested in that.

I had no idea what Inspector Lestrade was supposed to be like- at first it looked like he was going to be an incompetent policeman and just an attempt to big up Sherlock but Rupert Graves avoids that trap and makes Lestrade a really interesting intelligent character who employs Sherlock not to disguise his own incompetence but because he is fascinated by him.

Episodes one and three are the best, the first probably being the best of all because of how brilliantly the actors create their characters. Episode two was still good to watch, though there was no Lestrade or Mycroft. In a way, it was interesting having no Lestrade because you can see how the rest of the police force act towards Sherlock, but it was also frustrating because of the set-up in episode one.

I liked how the writers wrote experts who were not professors but ordinary people, the sort that you'd just ignore. The blend between Sherlock's use of technology to deduce and old-fashioned studying was just right.

The only bad points were: - The fake Vermeer in episode three. It looked absolutely nothing like a Vermeer painting, more like a Van Gogh one. Surely Sherlock would have been able to tell? - The reveal of Moriarty. It was obvious who it would be and it was too Doctor Who. John Simm did a good job being camp yet chillingly unhinged as The Master- Andrew Scott was simply playing a hammy camp villain whose dialogue was badly written and merely an excuse to show off.

Despite the few drawbacks, it was a gripping series and I'm looking forward to buying the DVD!