I never got to see this show when it came out in 2010. I usually watch most of the Mystery! Masterpiece shows, but somehow this escaped my scrutiny.

The first thing that struck me was the idea that Sherlock Holmes could be dragged kicking and screaming from his Victorian roots--it's an odd thought, to see the root of many a 20th century detective story becoming a fresh thought, even to the point of imitating its own followers. The writers and creators have succeeded. As those producers are already savvy to the whims of witty and peculiar characters from the Dr. Who series, they "get" it and know how to mold a story for love and enjoyment. You can tell the show is well crafted in ways that are remarkable. 

Currently, the series is either filming or soon to be filming its third series. In England, each year of a show is called a series, while a show in the US is based on a season. Since TV has changed drastically over the course of time, the idea of a "season" is losing ground, but ultimately, it's the same concept. As part of Masterpiece Mystery, "Sherlock" is a mini-series. There are 3 90-minute long episodes. The first season was comprised of three episodes: Study in Pink, The Blind Banker, and The Great Game. The second series was comprised of Scandal In Belgravia, Hounds of the Baskerville, and The Reichenbach Fall. Each episode (for the most part) has its root in an actual Conan Doyle Sherlock Holmes short story, modernized for the show. 

Some things remain the same: if you've read Conan Doyle's stories based on the character, you will be in familiar territory for the most part. Instead of Dr. Watson keeping a journal, he blogs. Mycroft still works for "queen and country," Sherlock is still a bit on the odd side, though nowadays with some of the troubled detectives in literature and on television, he seems positively normal.

The actors are another key to its success. Mystery has always had rich, well carved characters on its many shows--this isn't much different. As I watched a featurette on its creation, the producers remarked on the chemistry of Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman together as Holmes and Watson. It shows. You would think they'd been mates for ages by the interaction between them.

Actually, all the actors are excellent in their roles, even Mark Gatiss, one of the show's creators, as Mycroft Holmes hits his stride as a pompous overachiever that grates on his younger sibling's nerves.

I'm a late-comer, to my shame, on the show's fan lists, but now that I've become a rabid fan, I can't wait until mid-2013 for the third series of the show. We were left with a massive cliff-hanger that needs resolving, and I, for one, can't wait to see it return.