With the pace it's going, Sherlock will be remembered as one of the best series that has graced television show, probably rivaling the achievement of its written version in literature. Third season sees a lighter and more humorous change, albeit the last episode has rather bleakness in it. Story moves at blindingly fast pace, it's amazing how much content it brings with mere three episodes. It's an oddity of having such small number of episodes, if there's a flaw in Sherlock, it is there's not enough of it.

By the existence of this season, it's very well apparent that Sherlock survives the fall. The first episode, The Empty Hearse, focuses on the subject almost entirely, although somewhat in comical fashion. Sherlock Holmes (Benedict Cumberbatch) now projects more human emotions due to his ongoing therapeutic relationship with John Watson (Martin Freeman). The episode is a re-ignition of the two's bizarre symbiosis, there's no doubt many fans would want to see the moment of their reunion. It is surprisingly funnier than expected, and even though there isn't that great deal of mystery, it's a refreshing new start after lengthy break from last season.

The Sign of Three is a story of wedding, very cleverly written with multiple cases entwined. With hefty amount of time given to Sherlock as he narrates the details of several cases with wit and occasional awkwardness, he delivers a speech any buddy movie wishes they have. Mary Morstan (Amanda Abbington) is the current spouse of John Watson, she might not be Irene Adler, but there's something subtly likable about her. She shares the screen with both main characters with comfort and their relationship seems warm. The cases portrayed are highly entertaining, each with their own unique allure, and even more so when there's a hint of things in common between them which will keep the audience guessing until the end.

The third episode, His Last Vow, is darker compared to the previous two. Using more intensity and great plot twist, the last episode delivers some harrowing premise. Much can be credited to the villain, Charles Magnussen (Lars Mikkelsen), who slithers his way to the screen with eerie presence. Some of the things he does are just weird, slimy and bordering on disgustingly uneasy. It doesn't have the depth of the mind battle with Moriarty, but the intricate personal issue more than makes up for it. In a way, this displays Sherlock's unexpected selfless conviction just as the last season's finale.

I highly enjoy the visual of Sherlock, it's always sunny in London while night time is glittering with bluish or tangerine neon lamps. The usual cool vibe is produced stylishly, creating more natural contemporer scenes. Effects are generous, pop-up from Sherlock's point of view is interesting and pause worthy, while some others are more dramatic but still done with restraint. Sets and costumes have their appeal, they are all looking modern but also with a touch of retro, especially on Sherlock and John.

Sherlock is undeniably exceptional, the smart deduction and flair visual are always engaging, but the characters are what made it so special. Tons of personality, excellently written and brilliantly performed, it is nothing less a captivating spectacle. It gives laughter, it entertains and thrills, it achieves everything a show could possible wish for.

If I had to pay to watch each episode, I would have.