I admit, I did not have this series on my radar for some time because I thought it was just another lame remake. And I was never really interested in Sherlock Holmes.

I only decided to watch it after I read that the screenwriters for Dr. Who are involved. I always liked their work, so I gave it a try. And hell, what would I have missed!

This is not a lame remake, it's fresh and original. It carefully follows the "old" Holmes in some details but the rest is new.

The acting: excellent. It's something you normally don't see on TV anymore but this cast is really great, everyone of them.

The writing: there is nothing more to say about Steve Moffat and Mark Gatiss, they already have their reputation of being some of the best screenwriters out there. Just watch this and you know why: there are absolutely no plot holes and no inconsistencies. Suspense and tension are built up carefully without cheap tricks or deus-ex-machina plot devices. The dialogues are funny and intelligent, they fit the role of the characters perfectly.

The technical things: I'm not really sure, but I suspect that they had quite a young crew at the set. At least that would explain the camera work and the sound mixing. The use of lenses, effects and cuts is not standard TV. It's way more creative than that, it even has some "art school" feeling. Yes, I'm enthusiastic but really, everything is done right here. The effects, both audio and video, are never intrusive and never distract from the plot. They just do what they have to do: support the scene and build tension when needed. But, of course, this only works if you have a strong storyline and can use effects and music to support it and "add flavour". And yes, it's refreshing to watch a show that can do that and does not need effects to cover a weak story!

Anyway, this is what you get if you have great screenwriters, cast real actors and actresses and are not afraid of creativity.

Sherlock is an extraordinary series. There are a lot of producers who could (and should!) learn from this. Because this is how it should be done. 10/10