What can I say about Sherlock that hasn't been said already- both good and bad? The answer is...nothing. So I'll just give my opinion on why I choose to watch Sherlock.

The best thing I love about the show is the casting. Benedict Cumberbatch might just be the best actor to be cast as the legendary character (yes, even beating out the mighty Basil Rathbone). Benedict has a natural air of...something that you can't quite put your finger on that adds a certain freshness to a beaten role that has been done a dozen times and has inspired so many knockoffs. Rather than having a serious tone to it like so many other adaptations(save for Downey Jr.'s version), this show has a high paced,witty, and subtle humor about it. Most of my favorite lines come from Sherlock himself and it isn't the actual line, but the delivery of it. That's where Benedict truly shines. Sherlock Holmes has always been callous and indifferent toward people, in the novel, he's described as cold hearted, though as Moriarity says, "that's not quite true." And where would Sherlock be without his trusty sidekick and only friend,John Watson? Probably still out solving crimes but very, very lonely.Martin Freeman's expressions are hilarious and he nails the role of Watson. He's compassionate, warm hearted and extremely loyal to his friend. Freeman's version of Watson is wonderful and is the yang to Benedict's yin. I couldn't imagine either character being played by anyone else. The two men simply...fit.

Most people complain that this Sherlock is too mean, but that's what I love most about him. He's not meaning to be rude (except to a few people who truly annoy him), he's simply telling the truth in a very blunt way.

I also love that the series is a different story each time and though there are similarities to the stories the episodes are based on, there are enough differences to keep me interested and invested. Sherlock's observations are quick, the special effects are amazing and the humor is witty and often subtle. It's an updated version of Sherlock Holmes and I have to say that I am completely addicted. Even the weakest one (The Blind Banker)is better than most of what's on TV today.

My only complaint is that there are only 3 episodes! What is that about?! And then they keep fans waiting for like a year and a half for new ones!