In this modern rendition of Sherlock Holmes, a stylish Sherlock Holmes, excellently played by Benedict Cumberbatch (Atonement, Amazing Grace), appears much like his description in the novels and stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. He's tall, dark, and lanky, a much better fit than the talented, yet not-quite-right Robert Downey, Jr. Cumberbatch definitely includes some of Downey Jr.'s smarminess, but his Holmes, along with the correct look, has an authentic British accent. His comic timing is impeccable, as is Dr. Watson's. Martin Freeman (Love Actually, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy) portrays Dr. Watson as the books also describe him, a soldier trying to fit back into civilian life. Freeman captures the soldier perfectly, allowing him to tolerate Holmes in a way that no one else can and yet having him get as annoyed with Holmes, at times, as the rest of the characters.

The contemporary setting of Holmes and Watson's adventures does nothing to hinder the intrigue. In fact, the technology helps tremendously. More than one episode involves cell phones, specifically texting, and Watson keeps a blog rather than a journal. Holmes tracks killers down with lab tests and computers combined with his previous, seemingly endless, knowledge. The towering skyscrapers and rush of traffic places Holmes in a dazzling London, a contrast to the older feel his and Watson's flat gives off, the wallpaper especially exuding a distinctly Victorian feel. The modern-day setting also allows for more gay jokes at Holmes's and Watson's expense, their sexuality often a speculation among fans of Doyle's work.

However many changes there are, the fans of the original work will not be disappointed. The show constantly references the literature, often in small remarks that could be difficult to catch. Sherlock once tells Watson, "I'd be lost without my blogger," a smart reference to a very similar line in the stories in which Holmes refers to Watson as his "Boswell." Also in the stories, Watson has a brother, named H. Watson, who is an alcoholic. Sherlock smartly twists this so that John has an alcoholic sister named Harriet, but called Harry, for short. In the stories, Watson is wounded first in the shoulder, but Sir Arthur Conan Doyle later, mistakenly, changes this to the leg. The show refers to this by creatively giving Watson a psychosomatic limp in one of his legs. He later relays to Sherlock that he was actually shot in the shoulder. In the second episode, "The Blind Banker," Sherlock makes a small mention of a bullet being shot through an open window. In the story "The Adventure of the Empty House," Sherlock deduces that a man is shot through an open window. Professor Moriarty, originally named James, calls himself Jim in the series, a clever update from the text. Thus, the series satisfies new fans, as well as old ones with these inclusions.

All in all, Sherlock remains a successful vision of a modern-day Sherlock Holmes. It illustrates the strong bond between Holmes and Watson as they solve mysteries together while including humor, romance, and a fast-paced London. Holmes's quick deducing keeps the viewers guessing why so many people dislike such a brilliant man. His inhuman genius creates a perfect foil for John's undeniably human qualities. The duo, expertly played by their respective actors, brings Holmes into the 21st century with an elegance rarely seen in adaptations of classic literature.