The idea of Sherlock Holmes entering the today's hi-tech world seems rather out of place for a detective from the Victorian era. Nevertheless, the makers of this series take this concept and make it work very effectively. "Sherlock" manages to be wonderful escapism that successfully puts the old into the new. If the stories were written today, this is how the characters might appear. I've really enjoyed watching the first two seasons on PBS and hope to see more.

Benedict Cumberbatch plays the lead role as Sherlock Holmes. His portrayal tends to have a mordant sense of humor, with the dark, dry wit that you would see from Alfred Hitchcock. He also has a hyper sense of observation that goes beyond his traditional deductive reasoning as he can notice and remember even the smallest of details. He has his eccentricities and remains uncompromising in his ways, with little concern of what others may think of him. Cumberbatch's performance offers plenty of complexity and idiosyncrasy, and his interpretation of Holmes is perhaps the best since the late and great Jeremy Brett.

Martin Freeman makes for an enjoyable and believable Dr. John Watson. A veteran of the Afghanistan war, he writes about Holmes and his adventures on his own web forum and eventually turns him into a household name. He also gets into a lot of banter with Holmes and finds himself frustrated by Holmes' self-centered and condescending behavior. Yet he cares about his friend and is a resourceful person that Holmes could not do without. This show does an excellent job at capturing the friendship between Holmes and Watson, and both Cumberbatch and Freeman have a solid chemistry.

The writing is slick with plenty of humor and clever twists. The series pays tribute to Arthur Conan Doyle with story lines that are inspired by or borrowed somewhat from the original stories. For example, the first episode, "A Study in Pink," is loosely based on the first Holmes story "A Study in Scarlet," and "The Blind Banker" uses elements from "The Dancing Men." It also did a recreation of "The Hounds of the Baskervilles" called "The Hounds of Baskerville." The series also features the usual cast of characters in the Holmes canon such as Mrs. Hudson, Inspector Lestrade, Mycroft, and the dubious Irene Adler (from the episode "A Scandal in Belgravia," by far the most touching episode). The villainous Moriarty is effectively portrayed not as a professor, but just a cunning psychopath.

"Sherlock" is great fun whether you're a die-hard Holmes fan or a fan of mainstream mysteries. In a time in which American TV shows have declined in quality, this series is proof positive that British Television still remains superior in detective dramas. Between this series, the Downey Jr. films, and the CBS show "Elementary," (Another modern day Holmes series) it seems that Sherlock Holmes is captivating new audiences once again.