The only complaint I have against the show-makers is that they make only 3 shows per season. This show is so mind blowing that you yearn for more and more. Irene Adler says in 'Scandal in Belgravia' that brainy is the new sexy and surely it seems so. The very story of this new age Sherlock has tweaked the old Sherlock in such a wonderful way that, you can only say 'Wow.' The acting done by everyone is of top notch.

Benedict Cumberbatch has portrayed the character of Sherlock Holmes so brilliantly that, you can visualize only Benedict when you think of Sherlock. Sherlock is well supported by Dr. Watson portrayed by Martin Freeman. And, I especially liked the character of Jim Moriarty played by Andrew Scott the most.

The show-makers have done their homework in selecting the actors who play the characters. All the actors have done justice to their characters. Even characters like Lestrade, Anderson and Donovan played exceptionally by the actors. The story of new age Sherlock is different than the old one. But, it has been made to fit very beautifully in the decade of 2010. Every episode made so far has been exceptional. The only weak episode was 'The blind banker',which was the second episode of first season.

The first season kicks off with the episode 'The study in pink', which was a perfect start of this series. The first episode just alludes to Moriarty, an adversary of Sherlock. The second season was even better than the first one. The first episode of the second season which was the best episode according to me, starts from where the last episode of the first season ended. Again, it shows more of Moriarty.

I'll talk of more of Moriarty. I've never been impressed with any villainous character than Moriarty's character. He is evenly matches his wits with Sherlock. Specially, in the finale of second season 'The reichenbach falls', he outshines everyone as far as acting is concerned. And, now talking about Benedict, he is one of the best actors of this generation. His manner of fast speaking and looking down upon others is just outstanding. By just looking at you, this new age Sherlock can tell what your profession is, what your habits are etc. Some people are so annoyed by him, that they call him freak. Also, Martin Freeman looks very elegant in the role of Dr. Watson who is the only friend of Sherlock.

Una stubbs is very good who plays Mrs. Hudson. This Sherlock series is very addictive. Every other series may seem utterly mundane, trite, boring and unintelligent after viewing Sherlock. Everything about this series like direction,writing, script, episodes and acting is just perfect. All the episodes are very intelligently written. Sometimes, you have to watch very carefully to understand the whole episode. So far there have been six episodes in this series. The first two seasons have been fantastic, now, I can't wait to see the third season. Kudos to the makers. I hope this series never ends, and it keeps delighting me forever.