Rule, Britannia! Rule the waves!

Well, one has to admit that Britain steers again, now on the waves of air time, having thrown immediately into the twenty-first century of the national literary hero of the rastirazhirovanny kinopersonazha .. Directed by Paul McGuigan and screenwriters Mark Gattis and Steven Moffat did not become a regular statement of classic puzzle story in a retro style, moreover, that in parallel to Hollywood Guy Ritchie takes his full swing "Holmsianu."

Now, our contemporaries have used cleverly devised another British classic, HG Wells, a time machine. So, what is now the account is Mr. Sherlock Holmes - Benedict Cumberbatch? It seems to be - three hundredth-something, if you believe the statistics and the Guinness Book of Records. And in fact - the first and only. I beg your pardon, how could I have forgotten about his friend, companion and chronicler, Dr. John Watson - Martin Freeman.

I myself am somewhat belatedly became acquainted with this couple, which originated in 2010 and first saw the series "Sherlock" only in the New Year holidays in 2012 - and the first season, and two series of the second. At the same time I want to thank the producers of "First" television, which presented the audience a luxurious New Year's gift, leaving the possibility of the Russians share the joy of meeting new series of the second season, almost simultaneously with the audience throughout Europe. The authors are as carefully follow the lines of the source, organically plunging the characters into the realities of this century. "A Scandal in Bohemia" becomes "Scandal in Belgravia," and "Hound of the Baskervilles" multiplies in the secret lab in the "Hound of the Baskervilles."

Each episode is completely independent of the format of the movie, lasting for half an hour. But, nevertheless, it is advisable to start watching the first series - "A Study in pink." Notice the difference? - Arthur Conan Doyle's story, where the first contact with our heroes, called - "A Study in Scarlet." And literary retired doctor military medical service, John G. Watson, and the hero of the new film adaptation, returning to London from the war in Afghanistan. What a coincidence! - British Army fought unsuccessfully in the eighties the XIX-th century under the Kvndagarom and at the beginning of XXI-st there. And when a mysterious villain in the first story Conan Doyle's two-wheel driver was a black London cab, then here it is the driver of a black London taxi brand Austin FX4, which is still called kebom.

The beauty of a new interpretation of the images just meet and get acquainted in the chemical laboratory at the Hospital of St. Bartholomew the two young men is very strict adherence to, literally, word for word, text by Arthur Conan Doyle. Bravo, writers and film Gatissu Moffat for such a careful and reverent attitude to the source, since unexpected visual representation gives rise to an additional effect of recognition and surprise! And what is especially nice, friends remain fairly sophisticated language of communication, almost without using the modern jargon.

Undoubtedly, this new series is primarily addressed to the younger generation. And I felt some discomfort at times, not always appear and disappear ponimayastremitelno English phrases esemesok and embodied in the letters and words of the brilliant detective mind. That rate, and rapid installation are refreshing effect of a new reading texts Conan Doyle.

Our native Holmes and Watson - V. Livanov V. Solomin also looked at the beginning of the twentieth century and remain forever in the late 80s of the Soviet time, and in the hearts of local viewers. However, they have received praise from Conan Doyle's daughter and the Queen of Great Britain and awarded the Order of the British Empire. Honor and praise to them! Of course, in those days they had to shoot nature of Victorian England in the Soviet Baltic states, where else? I remember a funny story of Igor Maslennikov, as he was looking for a partner to Vasily Livanov. "I went through roster of actors and drew attention to the picture reddish blond - Vitaly Solomin. "Well, here is the same - a typical Edinburgh Englishman!". I imagine would have taken offense at the phrase the Scots!

And partly, Maslennikov was right. Sam Arthur Conan Doyle was born of the capital of Scotland - the glorious city of Edinburgh. He received his medical degree from the University of Zdinburgskom, where he was impressed by one of the teachers - Dr. Joseph Bell. In his lectures struck sharp observation and logic reasoning. He would be in the future prototype of Sherlock Holmes. Naturally, the profession, some self-portrait features and the ability to write captivating stories will go to Dr. John Watson. And here it is appropriate to emphasize that the most read and respected British writers in our homeland - that the Scots: Sir Walter Scott, Robert Burns, Robert Louis Stevenson and Arthur Conan Doyle.