1. The story is nothing new, is full of plot-holes

2. The lead actress is horrible in the character. She has a fake American accent which anyone can notice. She tries too hard to fit in;

Apparently, drama genre ventures further from hospital or law court and now lands on FBI academy. The mystery action element is simply a mask for typical juvenile drama, it's almost like an imitation of How to Get Away with Murder but without the charm. Granted, 

Quantico houses an array of characters, but they are buried under many plot holes and simply too far fetch to be agents. Straight from the first act, our lead heroine Alex (Priyanka Chopra) fornicates with stranger just before entering the academy and then proceeds to divulge the information on the hallway for all to hear. If this is an attempt to create tough female lead, it's a misguided way. Having the lead confident is one thing, but relying on air of superiority or gratuitous sex appeal is pretentious, NOT EMPOWERING.

She's very unbelievable as a FBI agent.

3. It's rare for me to not like a show right off the bat, but "Quantico" unfortunately succeeded in that area for me. No more than five minutes into the show, we find the main character having random sex with another man in his car, something in which ABC seems to be a huge fan of these days. Add to the fact that this show has so much political correctness that it just makes you want to either change the channel or turn it off. I was also puzzled as to why the writers had a gay character randomly come up to someone on the street and kiss them. I know ABC loves pleasing everyone, but that's just not my thing. Moreover, making everyone a suspect for what appears to be a major terrorist attack on New York's Union Station just doesn't make any sense either. After being accused of the attack, Alex's "escape" from the feds at the end of the episode seemed just as head scratching as everything else. In summary, if you like political correctness with a weak plot, give this show a try. If not, then do your best to pass this one up. I know I will