The Devil is AWOL. He was condemned to rule in Hell, but he decided to vacation in LA. That's the premise of "Lucifer", the new show on Fox.

Tom Ellis portrays Lucifer ("bearer of light") Morningstar, owner of a trendy nightclub called, naturally, LUX. He possesses great sex appeal and the ability to persuade. And he can extract anyone's true desires.

Anyone except Chloe Decker (Lauren German), an LA police detective who seems immune to his influence. This is very intriguing for Lucifer and, being an inquisitive guy, he decides to investigate her immunity. He convinces her he has skills that make him invaluable on the job. She is vulnerable to his ministrations, because the other cops are freezing her out, due to her tendency to follow her own conscience rather than the herd's official line.

Like Mr. Ellis, Ms. German has great eye appeal. This duo--and the heat they generate together or apart--are responsible for much of the energy in the pilot.

Most of the rest is due to the script, which explores Lucifer's place in the universe and other questions about the nature of man, especially regarding free will. These are not scholarly explorations. In fact, placing the show within the mythos of modern religion yields numerous contradictions, but the viewer needs to suspend disbelief (no more than normally) and just roll with the story. The powers that be want Lucifer back in Hell (there is a "balance" to maintain), but he wants to exert his own free will and enjoy the excesses and offerings of LA.

Interestingly, Lucifer is a being of principles. He tells the truth. He disdains fakery. He has some sense of justice. Is this his base nature or is he becoming "infected" by his transactions with humans?

The show's humor, especially via Lucifer, is a big part of its appeal. Most of the good police procedural/duo shows include humor in their mix. Pairing a detective with the Prince of Darkness is, admittedly, a long way to go for the odd couple vibe, but it can also up the stakes--an element of "Lucifer" that the show needs to exploit.