This is a light hearted show which is well executed to while away an hour. It doesn't stand up to scrutiny too closely but I don't think it's claiming to be anything too deep and doesn't take itself too seriously. Although I should confess that a crush on the lead actor in this show which does slightly compromise my objectivity!

It's main draw is Tom Ellis playing the lead with a mixture of suave coolness and quick funny quips that we would all love to deliver but only think of afterwards. He verges on Carry-On British humour at times but seems to be pulling it off. His lady LA cop; Chloe is also a strong character played well and liable which isn't that easy faced with an opposite character that gets all the fun bits. There is lots of humour and things going on that you would love to do if you were immortal and could get away with anything. The script feels well written in terms of conversations and pace. I think the mysteries are a bit simple and luckily each line of enquiry neatly leads into the next one. But as they have just a 45 minutes to solve each mystery satisfactorily, it needs to be fairly uncomplicated. And just enough is given away for viewers to solve it almost at the same time. I watch shows like Murdoch Mysteries and some British mystery shows like Rosemary & Thyme, Father Brown and this is similar in style.

The difficulty is that I simply don't believe that anyone who isn't police would get near crime scenes, suspects, information, police cells or be let within 100 yards of anything crime related without getting arrested themselves. Bones gets around it as she supports the police. Elementary, because they are private detectives. Agatha Christie heros and heroines because it was all a little less tight in the 1950s. But in the modern day, Lucifer manages to get around everything by being seductive, looking them in the eye and asking people what it is they really desire, momentarily debilitating their rational thought. I personally would certainly fall foul of this approach. But I'm not sure if it washes with viewers who don't feel the same as me about the actor. And I wonder if it will become too repetitive to be used numerous times in every episode eventually. The show appears to be self conscious of this making a joke early on about him not being a Jedi so again, maybe this will still work long term but I'm unsure.

Having said that, I was intrigued enough to watch the first 3 in a row. And liked the story arcs of him gradually revealing supernatural skills, Chloe investigating these to look for plausible explanations, Chloe's daughter (pleasingly not revoltingly cutesy) and ex-husband, his ongoing puzzlement that Chloe doesn't fall under his spell like everyone else and the fact that God is annoyed and sends an angel messenger with various warnings about what will happen if Lucifer doesn't resume his job in hell. I hope the writers have thought these through & I currently look forward to the next ones.