Arrow is the best show I have ever watched. Oliver Queen is a beast in this show. For instance he taps like every chick in that show and fights like a beast. Another beast character in this show is Malcom Merlyn and Deathstroke. When Deathstroke went to prison, that was one of the most sadder points of the show. However, the good news is that Malcom Merlyn is still in the show and still is a beast. However, by the most recent episodes, it seems like Malcom is not going to be in the show as much anymore. However, my least favorite character is Felicity. She is a total bit*h who gets friend zoned by Oliver constantly throughout the show, but still wants to blow him, and for some stupid reason the makers of arrow decided that it was a good idea to have Oliver bone felicity and run away with her in the season finale, so felicity probably did blow him. Also this is stupid because Felicity is a ugly w*ore, whereas Laurel is pretty hot and arrow should re-bone her, cause she is definitely hotter than Felicity. Also he should have boned Isabel Rochev more in season 2 cause she was also hot. Speaking of things Roy is also a super raw character. I am just pi*sed that Roy left in season 3 cause he was cool, but at least he got the opportunity to bang Thea, who is also hot. For these reasons most of the girls in this shows are pretty hot, but they should keep adding hotter girls because ye. Another one of my favorite characters other than Arrow, Malcom, Deathstroke(Slade Wilson), Roy Harper, is Deadshot. That was also a very saddening part in the show when Deadshot died, but at least he died doing what he loved, which was killing people. Another person who I like is John Diggle, because he is kind of the wise guy of team arrow. Also he always says "let's throttle back", which I find hilarious, so I lol a lot whenever he says that. Another character I like is Laurel, because when she had a drug problem in season 2, that was really funny cause she was so annoying, even though she got uglier in season 2, but I guess that is the downside to doing drugs in the show. Also in season 3 she is hilarious when she is the black canary and constantly gets her a*s kicked. I think of Laurel as like the commedic aspect of the show as well as her dad who is old and sucks at fighting also. Also the irony in season 1 was awesome, like when Tommy says that Oliver needs to get laid cause he has not taped anything in 5 years but little did Tommy know, Oliver boned at least 2 chicks multiple times in the island, Sara and Shado. Personally I think he could probably do better than Sara but I guess he did not have many options on the island but he should not have boned her back in Starling City because ye. However, I am a bit disappointed in the fact that Thea and Oliver are not related because if they were not they would totally bone. So I hope I find out that they are not related, so its not gross if they bone. Finally, I think that the whole idea of the canary is stupid because it is derived from Sara who also sucked at fighting and fought with a stupid a*s pole. However, overall, arrow is the best show ever created and I hope they keep airing seasons until arrow is like 80 years old because that would be funny to see some old guy with back problems beat up a bunch of thugs.