This is one of those shows that took a moment to find its way. The show was iffy in the beginning, obviously knew it was going to be a darker more mature tone than smallville but a bit awkwardly written, and it shows in the opening title. "my name is oliver queen. now i must save my city" people just don't speak like that. I'm also kind of mind blown as to how the CW thinks people treat billionaires, in real life there would be more people trying to ask him for handouts. Also, Olivers younger sister needs to polish her acting chops, maybe brush up her Adler method. By now, they've ironed out most of the kinks, namely the cheesy CW'esque predictable dialog. Anyway by season 2 most of the cast has it down and its getting exciting as they start throwing superpowers into the mix so oliver ends up more than just jason bourne with arrows. I'm at the edge of my seat for Ra's Al Ghul, who has been teased throughout the last 2 seasons and there's a lot of suspense with what they've shown you that they haven't shown you from on the island, particularly whether the entire 5 years were spent inside and what the assassins had to do with it. With the undertaking over, the eyes are on Moira to see what part she will play in the fallout of her actions. And blood... well i think he and the count have some catching up to do.

Overall this show has just gotten progressively better every episode so i've got high hopes for it the next few seasons. If it keeps on continuing like this, it may just end up in my top 10. It was a much better show than Revolution which came out at the same time, which i had higher hopes for. So far it is also a much better move for the CW than acquiring the tomorrow people, which has still not ironed out its cheesy CW-ness. Even with superpowers like telekinesis and teleportation, its not as cool as arrow because of the shallow repetitive dialog and idealized characters.

UPDATE: Late season two, i can officially say this show is a keeper. Deathstroke is absolutely the best villain yet, and while this show isn't my first priority television wise, its definitely got me interested in whats going to happen next. They've polished out the kinks and got a well rounded storyline, and the tension between the characters is at an all time high. I would say the production crew and writing staff has learned a few things along the way and gone from an awkwardly timed generic action show to making some of the most surprising, emotionally intense scenes i've seen on television. The stakes just keep getting higher, the odds keep getting slimmer, and Deathstroke even more powerful, its really coming into its own. It started as a show that was maybe a 7 or 8 but has progressively gotten better building to an absolutely fantastic second season. This is without a doubt the most improved show this year and they've come a long way since the pilot.