We all know who Bruce Wayne is, Who Clark Kent is, and who Diana Prince is but not many are familiar with who Oliver Queen is. After you watch this show you will definitely remember the name Oliver Queen. I truly love it when comic book companies make a great TV series with a character who previously wasn't as famous and well known as they were prior to the TV show. Arrow is a great show that explores DC's darker side. The Dark Knight also know as Batman has some of his greatest enemies cross paths with The Arrow, which ends up with both men having to fight till death. Some villains discover who The Arrow truly really is under the hood and that puts his friends and family at great risk. Oliver Queen also known as The Green Arrow is one of my new favourite comic characters of all time. For the record before this TV series was even released I had no clue who Oliver Queen or The Green Arrow was. I owe the creator and cast of this show a big high five and hug for doing such a great job in bringing a not so familiar name to the small screen. Some of you may say "but hey I know Oliver Queen/The Green Arrow, I have seen him in a animated series as a kid growing up" Well the unfortunate part is that not many people have seen the animated series where Batman and The Green Arrow fight side by side to stop crime in their cities. This show does not lack in action, comedy or deep emotional moments. It has everything it needs to be one of the best DC TV series today. From season 1 to now you truly have the privilege to see Oliver Queens mindset and views on life drastically change after each new experience he encounters. Whether The Green Arrow dodges death or saves his city once again Oliver Queens life will never truly be normal. Everyone he loves and truly cares for will always be at risk. Arrow starts off as a realistic crime TV series but then later on develops into a true comic book masterpiece. Comic book TV shows have always been around even when some of us didn't even exist. Arrow truly put DC Comics on the map with this great show. The Flash and Legends of Tomorrow wouldn't even exist if it wasn't for The Green Arrow. It truly started something great for DC in the TV industry. Comic book fan or not, Arrow is for an audience all over the world. Before this show I had no clue who The Arrow was and why they would make a show about a comic book character who not many are familiar with. It makes all sense to me now... Introducing new characters from comics we no longer have so much access to is a great way to expand the DC universe and get new fans to adore a character who has been hidden or over shadowed by other superheroes. In my honest opinion I strongly suggest viewers to give this show a chance. You wont regret it. Some comic book fans are probably already sold way before reading a review or seeing a trailer online which is a good thing as this show definitely does not disappoint . But to those who have no knowledge of the DC comic book world please don't get discouraged as this show is literally for anyone. Comic book geek or not this show truly makes you want to see more and more after each episode. Arrow started it all when it comes to DC's TV series success and believe me it will continue for many more years to come. I truly hope people watch this show. They are in store for an amazing experience :)