I have been a member of IMDb for over four years and have never commented on anything. Tonight is my first trajectory into cyber-hatchetry.

The Arrow is, unequivocally, better than the Game of Thrones, for example. I do, however, wish the show was on a different and less embarrassing network. Alas....

What I distinctly enjoy about the show is Stephen Amell. He is quiet and brooding as Oliver Queen within the Queen dominion, diabolical and anti-social as the vigilante/Hood, and nerdy, vulnerable and emotionally unpredictable on the island. This triptych of breadth is hard to pull off and Stephen is aces at it. Love him, so I won't spend any time debating him. Frankly, he is basically beyond comment.

Meryl Streep once explained that you can have breadth or depth as an actor, or both. Let's hope the writers let Stephen go deep in Season 3.

What I want to get at is the labyrinth of supporting characters in the DC universe. And, for anybody who hasn't seen the series, everybody else is subservient to Oliver's character, whether they communicate this reality on-screen or not. This show is character-driven. And, importantly, there's lots of excellent fighting (especially between Oliver and the Rasmussen assassin at the end of DVD 4 and in Episode 5 of Season 2).

Susanna Thompson grounds the show. She is superlative as Moira. Hard but vulnerable, which is a tough line to endure and deliver. Thea, OK, but she could go either way. Colton What's-his-name, give me a break. Kill him off please. Katie Cassidy....love her. She has the right level of beauty and emotional gravitas to make her role fly. And, she tears up easily. Emphatically, I can see a guy like Oliver jumping buildings to impress her. The best friend, the Merlyn son, wow....I am so glad he died in the first season. If he is reincarnated on the show like his Dad, I might be forced to stop watching. China White....fantastic. Sad to see her tied up in Season 2. Black Canary...decent....she could go either way like Thea. Her voice has a tremulous quality that really imparts empathy. Depends on the writing, I suppose. She is a decent fighter, and that helps. The Daddy Merlyn, am seriously angry that he's back. I never got beyond his fake orthodontic work. Kill him again please. Oh, and Felicity. She has promise. She's like Thea, and can go either way. Diggle, of course, is the gold standard for supporting characters. I look forward to seeing his relationship with Oliver get more nuanced. And, finally, the latest addition....the nerdy CSI guy. He's got promise.

As long as Laurel and Oliver end up together in the end, and Oliver starts actively serving humanity in a more selfless manner, then this will be the tale that I signed up for. Despite any reservations about annoying characters that I shared, I simply can't recommend this series enough. The music, the fighting, the art direction.....simply everything is top drawer.