Possible spoiler in this text if you haven't watched the season's finale...

We tend to view various genre type films and TV shows with varying expectations. When a show like Arrow comes on, we usually expect it to be in a league below shows like Game of Thrones, Mad Men, Justified, or Downton Abbey. We expect that the show runner might be a little reactive to ratings/network feedback, and the show will manifest that tendency with inconsistencies, plot gaps, lost/unfinished subplots, bad or uneven character development, and subsequently bad writing that disallows the audience to suspend disbelief, and thereby, the show can become only entertaining to us by "hate-watching." I held all those truths to be inevitable when I first started watching Arrow, and I must confess that I have had to eat crow (or a starling) as the season has gone on. This is one of the best series of its type/genre that I have ever watched. It has depth, great plot development, interesting and fully developed characterization, fabulous writing, excellent direction, great set design, and spectacular acting. Stephen Amell has grown leaps and bounds in his character's development, often in the same episodes. Just look at the nuances displayed by him in the same episode where he is young, naive, scared on the island, and in the next flash-forward scene he is an ass-kicking ninja who takes names, and then crosses then off his list.

I can not think of a more entertaining comic book series that has ever been made. Of course, there are a few weaknesses. The chemistry between Oliver and Laurel reminds me of the train wreck relationship between Nick and Bitsie on Grimm. They've killed off two of my favorite characters in the season finale. And all the parents on the show appear to be about ten years older than their adult children (Starling City must not have any teen pregnancy advocacy education).

But this is a pleasure that you don't even have to feel guilty about watching. If you haven't watched it, and you have On Demand, I highly recommend you catch up with the series this summer, because the episodes just kept getting better and better as the series went on. Prepare ye for a frolicking, rocking season two.

Also, gals and gay guys, lots of wonderful shirtless eye candy of Stephen Amell's arms, chest and abs throughout. What a hunk! 

Fun show, likable anti-hero, good sound track throughout, Felicity!,and often full of surprising twists. Enjoy.