Before I start I am gonna warn you there are spoilers ahead please don't read if you haven't watched all the episodes already.

Television show Sons of Anarchy follows the Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle club. Clay, the president wants to keep things dangerous and lucrative while VP and stepson Jax influenced by his dead farther's journal wants to make things more legitimate. 

SoA is an extremely good show and I throughly enjoyed my 2 week Netflix binge. I find it hard to write how good this show is due to the fact it has so many layers and things going on that effect your emotions. The acting is second to none from all of the main cast, truly phenomenal performances by Katey Sagal, (Gemma Teller Morrow) Ron Perlman (Clarence 'Clay' Morrow) both of which give chillingly good performances I saw the start of pitch perfect 2 the other day and I can't look past Katey Sagal being the manipulative, cunning and down right psycho she ends up becoming in SoA. (A credit to her acting, also props for her singing in some of the songs through the series she really dose an amazing job, pleasantly surprised.) Ron gives a performance with just as good attributes, minus the singing, the way he deals with getting stripped of his patch and by the end he some how made me feel a little sorry for him, how he gets me to feel such strong hate and sorrow for him is a show of his fantastic acting. Charlie Hunnam as the main man, Jackson 'Jax' Teller people have criticised his performance but I thought he really got the conflicted emotions across to the viewer superbly well. I can not stress enough how good other supporting actors are tho, the rather weird and complex Alex 'Tig' Trager played by Kim Coates is hugely underrated for me never gets mentioned. One of my favourites was Tommy Flanagan as Filip 'Chibs' Telford a true bad ass and really comes in his own in season 3 I think it is. I felt the writing to be shy of the quality of acting at times especially in the more intense scenes I found it to be disappointingly predictable. I found it hard to really care about Theo Rossi's character Juan Carlos 'Juice' Ortiz that was mostly down to the poor script, for him especially, than his acting chops. The cinematography, the long panning landscape shots of the crew riding together with whatever scenery they find themselves in seemingly made beautiful be it suburban, country grassland or just highway roads. The music is extraordinary they manage to find (to me) completely unknown artists that do unique, clever, covers of some really famous songs some of my favourites are The White Buffalo - The House of The Rising Sun, Jamey Johnson, Twiggy Ramirez & Shooter Jennings - You Are My Sunshine, Alison Mosshart & The Forest Rangers - What a Wonderful World and Audra Mae & The Forest Rangers - Forever Young. All amazing, not only this but they have a range of ordinal pieces that hold their own too. I have a lot of the songs from all seasons 1-7. I can not express how remarkable the music for this show is, gets the tone and the mood of each scene and episode perfectly right. The plot in the show is a massive highlight too for large portions of seasons I didn't have a clue how things were gonna turn out the unpredictability of Jax's temperament really made for a range of different outcomes all equally possible. Overall I think Sons of Anarchy is worth your time, with sensational acting, music and story it is a strong 9/10.