OK. I admit that I avoided this like it was poison when I first heard about it. I thought it was another pathetic attempt to exploit the outlaw lifestyle along the lines of a bad reality show (which we ended up with four years later, but that's another story).

Anyway, I was bored one night and there was nothing on the 3685 channels I get from Communistcast, so I decided to stream the first episode on Netflix. Boy, was I wrong! The basic premise is based on Shakespeare's Hamlet. Charlie Hunnam is Jax Teller, Vice President of the Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club, Redwood Originals (SAMCRO for short), and is analogous to Prince Hamlet. Ron Pearlman is the Club President and analogous to Claudius and Katey Segal is Gemma, Clay's wife, and is analogous to Gertrude. We find out that Clay succeeded Jax's father as President after he was killed in a motorcycle crash, and subsequently marries the widow Gemma, which is the whole Hamlet angle.

When we pick up the story, Jax is in his early 30s and contemplating the direction of the club, especially after reading an unpublished book his father had written about the club. It turns out that his father, John Teller, was horrified by the 1980s as the direction of the club had taken a bad turn. It devolved from just a group of guys who wanted to ride free to a full blown 1% outlaw biker gang that specializes in trafficking illegal firearms.

As we follow the story, Jax begins to doubt SAMCRO's directions and activities, and begins to want to change the club, much to the chagrin of Clay and Gemma.

Kurt Sutter has created a really tight story with great characters and all the actors are first rate.

The gun running angle is a little far fetched: when is the last time you heard about AK-47s being used in a drug deal? Moreover, SAMCRO traffics enough firearms to outfit a small country. But Sutter wanted to avoid portraying the main bread and butter of outlaw clubs, which is drugs.

Anyway, if you can get past that, you'll like the show and the writing, as well as Charlie Hunnam, Katie Sagal, and especially Magie Siff's portrayal as Jax's love, who is torn between her feelings for Jax and the life she built as a surgeon.

Enjoy!