Well let me start by saying that in this case "bad guys losing" is totally depressing! I surprised myself by falling in love with the anti-hero. 

First, Kurt Sutter, to create a show about outlaws took real guts. The research, the casting , the story lines, the gritty sadistic genius vision, I was hooked the very moment I started. 

The story lines were so raw and compelling; it covered every wrong doing from buying and selling of guns, drugs, human trafficking, prostitution, child pornography, racism and gender bias. I loved that midst the chaos, the adrenaline shot sequences you'd find poetic undertones, moments of vulnerability, loss & comedic relief. Besides that I love,love, love the musical score! I listen to the tracks on loop. The tracks they add to the show's appeal & fit its descriptive.

Actually,I almost didn't give this show a chance. I'd read all about it, seen the promos but never really thought myself to be the kind of person who'd end up watching a show about bad ass bikers! 

Which brings me to Hunnam; thanks to Charlie I gave this show a go. I've been an admirer of his work for the longest time (Nickleby, Crimson Peak, Green Street Hooligans, Undeclared, Pacific Rim) and felt silly to have not watched the show that propelled him into the limelight & gave him the bad boy persona...The moment I sat to watch the show, it took me approximately 15 days to binge watch all 7 seasons of the show. His rendition of the anti - hero had me in knots. Though obviously I got hints of some accent slips here and there, he was a convincingly imperfect, sadistic, sociopath with compassionate & lovable undertones. In some ways the "handsome devil"! I felt at times that he was the character he played. And I get that happens after spending almost a decade on the same show, the reel & real character tend to intertwine. And I absolutely loved that! 

After Jax's character I think Kim Coates' portrayal of 'Tig' with complex layers of emotions character was amazing to watch. As much as he was hated in season 1 for killing Opie's wife Donna you can't help but weep for this reluctant father as he was forced to watch his daughter being burnt alive right before his eyes. His helpless demeanor to his love hate relationship with Jax followed by his fierce loyalty to him in seasons that follow and then to his much controversial yet supremely endearing relationship with a transvestite "Venus" (another amazingly well added character played by Walton Goggins)in all adds up to brilliant character actor that is Kim Coates.

Ryan Hurst as "Opie"; this massive yet adorable guy just took my heart away. After 'Remember the Titans' this was the first time I watched him on screen again. I love how this tall strong frame can convey just deep emotions & show so much vulnerability. He was conflicted for the longest time in his entire show appearance. Loss after loss we felt his sorrow, his fight with himself. His undying loyalty to Jax was so admirable even in his last moments, and the manner in which he was ended on the show was maybe by far the saddest I've seen on television. 

Besides these, shout out to Ron Perlman,Katey Sagal, Tommy Flanagan, Mark Boone Junior & David Labrava. I think the whole ensemble were perfectly cast and brilliantly succeeded adding their own flavor to the characters. 

This wasn't only a show about "Bad ass bikers" but a show that gave the stereotype a different face. It feels so ironic to say that I absolutely loved the show by hating every character at some point. You'd wish redemption for them yet you realize that they are beyond redemption.

The series ended on a poetic note! The anti - hero who found redemption & gave the ultimate sacrifice in the name of brotherhood yet not quite as you would imagine it!

I love a show that steers up all the emotions in me and this show did nothing less. I felt all anger, anguish, anxiety,love, hopelessness & of course the strength & meaning of brotherhood.

Raw, Smart, Unpredictable!!!