This show, along with Breaking Bad, is definitely in the top 5 crime dramas on TV right now. It has great pacing and quality acting. Being a big movie buff I recognized many of the actors; Ron Perlman (Hellboy), Tommy Flanagan (Gladiator), Mark Boone Junior (Dark Knight), Charlie Hunnam (Green Street Hooligans), Katey Sagal (Married With Children), Jay Karnes (The Shield), and the list goes on. The cast does an outstanding job. Ron Perlman is outstanding as the club leader 'Clay Morrow'. Charlie Hunnam also shows does a great job playing 'Jax', the main character of the show, who has doubts about his biker ways because of his newborn child.

First thing I'll say is this show is not for the squeamish. Although most scenes aren't too bad in terms of imagery, there is some pretty haunting stuff in this show. Lets just say I've seen a fair bit both in cinema and in real life, however, this show still portrays some horrifying moments all too realistically. Like I said though, it's not excessive. I'm referring to mainly only 2 or 3 scenes. The acting in this show is superb, something I cannot repeat enough times! Great job by all the cast including supporting, cameos, and even extras who only have 5 minutes of dialogue. Jay Karnes gives a great performance as agent Kohn, and is in no way similar to any of his other roles. Katey Sagal must be mentioned, as she is nothing short of stellar. Half of her dialogue is in her expressions, and she does a great job at it. Amazing job playing the strong, and often seductive wife of Clay. Kim Coates is chilling as Alex 'the Tig' Trager. He plays his role so convincingly I sometimes wonder if he really is a little crazy! Ryan Hurst is great. His character goes through so much you can't help but feel for him. Hurst plays him so well you can see the emotion behind his eyes in almost every scene. Definitely a character you want to see develop. That's what makes or breaks any show; the characters. This show has character development along the lines of The Wire, Breaking Bad, Oz, and the Sopranos.

In all seriousness, a great, great show. How IMDb has not put the ratings up, is a mystery to me. I recommend people who have seen this show to vote so others can see just how good this show is.

And as somebody who watches, and enjoys, an array of TV series (Lost, Heroes, Prison Break season 1+2, The Wire, Breaking Bad, Sopranos, Dexter, Oz, The Shield, Band Of Brothers, etc) I can definitely say, this is up there with the best.

I'd put it in my top 5 of all time actually. If I had to compare it to any show, it would have to be Breaking Bad. Although it's an entirely different show, I'd say it's the most similar in terms of pacing. There is action every episode, often times there is more than a few big action scenes in a single episode.

So, did I say it enough times yet? OK I'll say it again. THIS IS A GREAT SHOW! If you enjoy any of the shows I mentioned (how can you not!?) then this show will fit right in.

*NOTE* - Hilarious cameo in season 2!