As I write this, the series "Bones" is preparing for the premiere of its eighth season on Fox.

Over the lifetime of this show, I've only caught a couple of first-run airings each season, and this summer I decided to take advantage of my Netflix streaming account and watch the whole series from the start through season six.

This is a show which has successfully navigated some serious changes, it has adapted itself to the rhythm of the long-running series in terms of its plot choices and execution, and with dazzling force it has delivered individual episodes along the way which are nothing short of superb.

Recent reviews of the show posted this year have included some harsh criticism of "Bones," by fans of the more genre-pure CSI - type shows. The genre has a number of requirements, flashy 3-D computer usage, leaps of intuition, edgy but contrived interpersonal conflicts, one or two loose-cannon 'cops-on-the-edge' to properly flavor the fiction of the criminal investigation. The complaints' common thread is that Bones violates or fails to honor the conventions of the genre. That is what I would say is refreshing about the show. It is NOT C-S-I. It was and is a love story which also includes corpses.

To me as a viewer, it seems that the first few seasons were heavily character and ensemble driven, exploring the tension between the lab rats and the field investigators, and laying out the basic foundation of Bones' and Booth's interpersonal relationship. We are also provided with the large details of her life, the mystery of her family and the pain of her upbringing. In the writing the emphasis is on the creativity of the team in solving odd circumstances surrounding a death.

The show shifted after the departure of Eric Milligan as a regular, and I hate the word 'gimmick,' but it fits seasons four and five well. The gimmicks included the establishment of a bizarre death, the appearance of the 'assistant-of-the-week', and the dynamic between Bones and Booth becoming somewhat un-genuine in the light of overt probing by Dr Sweets. Even so, the appearances by Stephen Frye as Gordon Gordon Wyatt were excellent and served to enrich and stabilize the arc of the love story at crucial points.

During Season Five, Booth confronts and admits that he loves Dr Brennan and is pushed by Sweets to take the chance to initiate the relationship that they have both been avoiding. Brennan isn't ready to confront any feelings for Booth and shoots him down. The tension created by the moment in this particular episode culminates in what I consider to be the most brilliant individual episode of the entire series, s6e9 "The Doctor In The Photo." 

So, CSI fans, Bones is always a love story, and babies unfortunately for some, are part of the love story. As a fan of the show, I look forward to completing season seven, and enjoying the oncoming advent of Season Eight.

This is not a perfect show, but a good one and a worthy one. Consider this. Our parents and grandparents had a wonderful national diversion in the 1930's and 1940's, which was the ability to take time in their day and daydream about the sexual tension they experienced at a recent Spencer Tracy and Katherine Hepburn movie.

We don't have Tracy and Hepburn, but we do have Booth and Bones.