First of all, let me say that the idea of this show was a jewel and had it been done correctly, this could have been a gold standard. However, it was not done well and as such the only people who are going to find it interesting are people who have probably never ventured outside and have never had any life experiences whatsoever. I tried my best, I really did but I could not make it through the fourth episode.

First of all, arming a civilian with unknown motives and training is the stupidest thing I have ever heard of. Some people in this world actually performed this kind of work and the level of research performed is incredibly woeful. There are no female SEALS and I know this personally and the idea of it is insulting. The fact is that even if this woman were a SEAL she would still not possess the ninja skills that she demonstrates on the field so again, cue the ignorant masses. Secondly..... they arm this lady with no idea of who she is or what her real agenda is and then they march her into one of the most secure facilities in the entire world? By the way geniuses, the CDC is headquartered in Atlanta, GA and not in NYC so even mere geography seems inaccessible to the writers of this show. The next big issue to me is the week old beard...... Seriously? The regulations prevent this and its just as insulting as the idea of her being a SEAL. Next, you got supposed "experts" who can't even hold a weapon, search the term "chicken wing" and they have no idea how to clear a room. The level of training on this show is by far the worst I have seen and the writing is so poor that I can't finish the episode. 

Now, here's the rub. When this show gets canceled, and it will unless you seriously change tactics, you are going to be standing around a room full of people asking what happened and the answer is that you tackled subject matter that you had no experience with a made up things to fill the gaps that became so dumb that people were vomiting in their mouths. 

Simple solution, HIRE PEOPLE THAT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE DOING !! If you do have subject matter experts on the set then you should fire them because they know nothing and if the director or producers won't hire experts then get your resume ready people because the show is going to poop the bed. 

I give this one 2 stars only because the idea is absolutely wonderful but you ruined it, you absolutely ruined it. Her attractiveness and the hint of showing her naked is the only thing keeping people watching.....