NBC has really stepped up their game with TV shows, The Blacklist is my favorite and I just checked out The Game and was pleasantly surprised but I feel this one is a dud for me. With a not so original story the few original things this show has are about as vague and cliché as her tattoos. 

The characters are stale and not very colorful I don't know if the problem is the scripting or the actors (maybe both), they just don't seem believable nor capture enough of my interest to care about them. The male lead in the story "Kurt Weller" is a tough FBI agent who has been around the block and seen it all, he is rough around the edges and doesn't look like the kind of guy you'd want to mess with, or follow on a TV show. The unidentified woman whose past remains a mystery is known as "Jane Doe" suffers from a severe case of amnesia. She can act out an innocent/caring person very well, when it comes to anger or intimidation it's not very believable. 

Humor is something I think they are trying very hard to produce from time to time to help offset the serious tone but it's poorly delivered. The story, pace, and mood is key but the lame humor attempts feel so forced and out of place that it kills it. 

Every time the FBI goes out to look for clues and pursue people of interest they always have an excuse for her to tag along or they tell her not to go and then she has some form of valid excuse for them to take her. Hand to hand combat seems to be something they want to focus on and it was well done. (It's just not so believable watching a thin, 5 foot nine, 100 pound lady kick the stuffing out of people with ease.) The approach they took on amnesia was a lot more entertaining and in-depth than the usual. 

Many of their locations, vivid Colors and lighting were very pleasing to the eyes; they definitely demonstrated their expertise in this field. Cinematically their choice of angles and camera movement was on point, nothing too cool but it certainly wasn't bad at all. There was a little bit of shaky cam but not enough to make me throw up so that's good! 

Overall with production, the crew knew what they were doing and executed it perfectly; the story and preproduction is where their blind spot hides. The show is a mystery that I cannot figure out but it's also a mystery I don't have an interest in solving.