I usually don't post this soon into a show's run, but for this series, I feel I need to since there are so many haters. I say, IGNORE them! QUANTICO is an immensely entertaining, involving, engrossing new series. It's probably the supreme definition of a "guilty pleasure", show, but you know what? I'm OK with that! Lead character smarter than everyone else...CHECK...Supporting characters from different backgrounds...CHECK. Gorgeous cast...CHECK. Simple dialogue...CHECK. Standard character backstories to make us empathize with and like them all...CHECK. Yet there's something inviting about how all of this comes together.

Every week, this show has me hooked. This is one of the very few shows where I actually WANT to pay attention because I have yet to find a dull moment or scene in this show. The way the showrunners tell this story is addictive! The lead character FBI agent-in- training Alex Parrish (played more than competently by Bollywood star Priyanka Chopra) is a rootable, lovable woman. Chopra is extremely persuasive and engaging in this role. And I love the supporting players FBI trainers O'Connor (Josh Hopkins) and Shaw (Aunjanue Ellis), Alex's fellow trainees Booth (Jake McLaughlin), Shelby (Johanna Braddy), Caleb (Graham Rogers), Nimah (Yasmine Al Massri), and especially scene-stealing breakout character Simon (Tate Ellington). The cast has amazing, believable chemistry and play their roles well.

I like all the relationships, too: Alex and Booth, Shelby and Caleb, Simon and Nimah, and also I love the subplot of Shaw and her mercurial teenage son Charlie. The FBI Quantico training scenes are actually interesting and the present/flashforward scenes are edge-of-your- seat worthy. The flashback/forward style of storytelling is very well done and ties the past and present together nicely. I think the main thing I love about this show is that it doesn't try to be more than it is. It is just done boldly, stylishly, and confidently. Almost half a season in and I'm hooked!