His name is Oliver Queen, presumed dead he (allegedly) spent 5 years on an Island, now DCs most badass, ruthless hero has returned to Gotha..I mean Starling City and he's here to kick some serious bad guy ass.

Wait, most badass hero? Surely that title belongs to Batman right? What makes Arrow more badass than Batman? The fact that he kills people, not just when he has to but sometimes for the sake of it. It is so refreshing to see that. Sit back and enjoy the amazing fight choreography that will have you at the edge of your seat. Watch Oliver Queen keep up his playboy persona whilst battling Starlings worst criminals.

Be relieved that they skip past the origin story and get straight to him being The Arrow....but if you're the 1% who actually cares about what happened on the Island, enjoy the origin story in the form of weekly flashbacks showing how Gothams...damn I mean Starlings greatest playboy becomes the most ruthless Hero on DCs roster. Watch him hunt down the people who targeted his corrupt family and tried to kill him, as he uncovers the "unpredictable" story that you will see coming from a mile away.

With a perfect mixture of awesome characters, such has his mother, sister, Diggle, his driver turned bodyguard turned lover. His sidekick and not love interest Felicity Smoak who is the comic relief but never is it ever hinted that he loves her or she loves him at all. In this world where superpowers don't exist and will never ever exist according to our very reliable and competent writers, watch our Emerald Archer face off against The Dark Archer and his evil plan to do something very evil on a very large evil scale of evilness! 

But that's just Season One! Then comes the rest of the show where they take away all the things that made Arrow unique and get rid of them! Except the flashbacks, nah they are still coming in and they are coming in strong baby.

Cringe, while you watch the main characters comic book love story sidelined so the writer can force another love story that makes no sense at all onto the fans because they get writing cues from their teenage daughters.

Watch this Batman wannabe try so hard and fail at doing what Batman does naturally. Die a little bit inside while the writers destroy the most ruthless Villains from the DC universe and make them into Angst filled caricatures of themselves.

Just when you think the show is at the worst it could be, the writers throw season 3 at ya. Where you want to kill yourself just so you don't have to be around to witness how they butcher all the characters and bring one silly blonde to the forefront and give her silly illogical story lines that will make you want to scream and question your own sanity. Watch the competent writers destroy yet another DC Super Villain and blatantly steal stories from Batman, literally the stuff that happens to Batman happens to this guy. Whereas in Batman you feel he is worthy, whereas you just want to chuck your remote at this guy.

So my advice, watch Season One and suffer through Season Two, then play Russian Roulette, if you survive then watch Daredevil instead.