*WARNING CONTAINS HEAVY SPOILERS* As of today I've only watched the first two seasons, but I wanted to review this show already, just because it's so great. This is a show about what would really happen if someone put on a costume and started fighting crime. And two seasons later we're all loving it. Let's start with the pros. The cast is all really good. Willa Holland as Thea Queen is especially good, as is Manu Bennet as Slade Wilson, aka Deathstroke. That's not to discredit the others, they're all good as well, I just can't list each one individually because a) I don't know their names and b) if I did, we'd be here all day. Something else I like about the show is how much it emulates the comics. We have standard tropes of the comic books as well as subtle references, and the occasional poke at the source material. Aside from Flash, no superhero show has ever captured the comics this well, and this show takes everything good about comics, and everything good about regular drama/crime shows, and merges it together to make what just might be my favorite show. I also like that it doesn't degenerate into cartoony silliness, and keeps the entire thing grounded in reality, and takes the whole thing seriously. That being said though, I loved that they later introduced some actual super-powers, Slade, Roy, etc. I think it would've been interesting if Roy had kept his powers, and he was forced to control them, I think that would've been very interesting. But here's something strange, people I know did not like the inclusion of super-powers, so... am I alone on this, or what? Let's talk about the finales some, and a couple other episodes that stand out. I liked the ending of season 1 because you had a really great wrap up to everything, a final duel with the villain that had a great climax, and a really tragic moment when Tommy dies and the Glades are destroyed. It's interesting seeing the bad guys kind of winning. The finale to season 2 on the other hand was more or less a mixed bag for me. Let me put it this way: when it was the personal fight between Oliver and Slade, that was good. When it was armies of super-soldiers just getting wiped out by the League of assassins, I was actually kind of bored. They diminished the threat of the soldiers to the point where you didn't feel any danger. The other episode I wanted to talk about was City of Blood, which follows Moira Queen's death, in this episode, Oliver is going to turn himself in to Slade to save the rest of his loved ones. They handled that really well, with how you don't see Oliver for almost half the episode, and his resignation to his defeat was really touching. Now on one final note, let's talk villains. First off, Huntress is a great villain (villainess?) Because it wasn't just the clichéd thing where Oliver realizes she's bad and just no longer cares about her. No, you can tell he still cares, and as Diggle points out, he would've killed her if she was anyone else. Now let's talk Merlyn and Slade. Merlyn was great because he was the behind the scenes manipulator combined with the evil reflection of the hero, and the actor just played him with the right level of smugness, that you really love to hate him. Slade was the type of villain who's super powerful and is out to tear Oliver's life apart because of the loss of the woman he loved. As I said earlier, he was played really well, and was very menacing. Between the two main villains, I would have to give Death-stroke the edge, because he was developed more, and just had more of an overall presence. So there you go, that's my take on Arrow, here's hoping the third season is just as good. ( by the way, I'll update this once I've finished watching season 3)