As a comic book fan, I was actually looking forward to this after finishing up Smallville. I thought it was a spin-off of Smallville. When I found out that the lead wasn't Justin Hartley, I was doubtful of how this show would be. It was then when I watched it that I realized. Turned out, it has a very dark and gritty tone unlike Smallville. Initially, I didn't know much about Green Arrow and didn't have high expectations for this show. I watched it with the expectations of knowing the origins of Green Arrow and stuff from the comics. 

However, it turned out very differently. From the 3rd episode onwards, the more I watched it, the more interested I got. And this TV series takes the risk of changing many stuff from the comics. And it turned out great. Superman and Batman are my favorite superheroes. This has the dark and gritty tone of Batman but is a totally different story. Its not about a man whose parents died and he turns into a man of vengeance, but its about a man whose father sacrificed himself hoping that his son would help him make things right.

The best parts of the TV show throughout was the flashbacks. As the story progresses, flashbacks appear, and gradually reveal more about what happened to Oliver on the island. Slade and Yao Fei are really bad- ass characters, and I always hope for more flashbacks.

There are consistent nods to the comics, for the comic book fans. However, this show is also suited for non-comic book fans, as you don't really need to know much about Green Arrow from the comics. The introduction of Deadshot and Huntress were really cool parts of the story, and they also serve to add on more comic-book goodness.

Slade Wilson was really well-portrayed in the series. I liked how he was actually not the villain of the story, as I thought he would be after seeing his iconic mask. All the main casts in the story were rather good.

I am really looking forward to Season 2. I would really love it if they bring in more characters from the comics. I know that the story focuses on non-super powered heroes. Green Arrow had a friendship with Hal Jordan since young. They could bring in Hal Jordan as a pilot, and not as Green Lantern as there is definitely no chance of that, but it would really be cool to see him appear somehow or another. Stephen Amell is really great as he can act convincingly well. You can see the difference of mannerism between the past Oliver(flashback), the current Oliver, and as Green Arrow (or the Hood/the Vigilante) as he is known as by others.