Although DC Comics definitely isn't beating Marvel in the movie industry, it has a foothold in television. While DC Comics currently has "Arrow", "The Flash", "Gotham", and now "Supergirl", Marvel only has a few kids' channel shows, along with the non-superhero "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." and "Agent Carter". Suffice it to say, "Arrow" is definitely the best superhero TV show ever. Once a Batman show comes along, that may change, but for now "Arrow" is a perfect show to sit down and binge-watch.

Oliver Queen is stranded on an island for five years, and has been presumed dead along with his father. His father is dead, but he has survived, and his return to Starling City changes the city forever. He has turned from carefree spoiled brat to a buff dude with wicked bow-wielding abilities. He puts a green cloak on with a hood that hides most of his face, puts on some face paint and goes out at night ridding the city of one-percenters. "You have failed this city," he growls before either sticking an arrow in them or having mercy on them and stuffing them in jail instead. He's not a loner for long, recruiting Oliver Queen's bodyguard, John Diggle, to help him out. Diggle is reluctant at first to be an accomplice of a vigilante. He believes that Oliver doesn't have the right, and of course he's right, but somehow Oliver convinces him anyway. Felicity Smoak also eventually comes along to help Oliver hack and dig through secret government databases...just like a babbling version of Oracle.

Oliver Queen has more problems to deal with, than just the vigilante-related problems. His family has had quite a shock, a pleasant one, but a shock nonetheless at his return. Everyone is unbearably curious as to what happened to him on the island, but he is not quite ready to share, and will likely never be. Through flashbacks his past is slowly revealed to the audience; he wasn't alone on that island, and he was tortured...quite a lot happened. He even meets up with Slade Wilson, and becomes close allies with him as they try to escape the island together.

Throughout Season 1 lots of familiar villains show up, and the excitement increases. Arrow has yet to grow into the Green Arrow, and by the end of Season 1 he has completely changed. Arrow: Season 1 is a classic example of what a TV series should look like.

86/100