*This is a review for the the Seasons 1 and 2 of Arrow *Minor spoilers for Seasons 1 & 2 present

As you may know, Arrow is a show based off of the Green Arrow & The DC Comics Universe. As a big fan of the DC universe, I was a little sketchy after seeing bits and pieces of the 1st season on TV. In the short term it seemed like the Punisher with a bow & arrow, however that was before I sat down and watched the whole show.

After watching two seasons of Arrow, I can happily say that Arrow is the most faithful live- action adaptation of the DC Universe to date. Sure it makes a few changes (the biggest being the characterization of Green Arrow), however over all Arrow has the stories, characters, super-powers, and the overall feeling of a huge expanded universe that DC fans have loved since 1938.

The characters on Arrow are (for the most part) intriguing and faithful to the comics. Firstly, there is Oliver Queen, The Arrow, played by Stephen Amell. From the beginning, Oliver has a sense of mystery to him. At first he seems very different from his comic book counter-part, however as the story unfolds you begin to realize that he is headed there. It takes a few episodes for the actor to warm up to the role, but once he does, you begin to root for him and understand the decisions he makes. However, the Arrow does not fight alone as he has partners in John Diggle (David Ramsey), Felicity Smoak (Emily Bett Richards) & Roy Harper (Colton Haynes). Each character mentioned is a great character that adds to the show, and has you rooting for them as much as you are The Arrow. DC fans will not recognize Diggle or Felicity (unless your a die-hard Firestorm fan) as they are made up for the show. However, not to worry as they are some of the best characters on the show. DC Fans will of course recognize Roy Harper, as the Green Arrow's side-kick Speedy (or Arsenal or Red Arrow). Many fans of the show do not enjoy this character, however he is one of my personal favorite and I love what Roy adds to the show (he is also the only person to ever argue with Arrow, witch I love).

That being said a show is only as good as it's villains, luckily Arrow has great villains. There have been many villains on Arrow, however I am only going to talk about the main 2 for the sake of time. (That being said, I must add that Deadshot, Brother Blood, Nyssa Al Ghul, & The Dollmaker are all great villains as well). The big bad of season one is (spoilers for any one not past episode 9) Merlyn, The Dark Archer. Merlyn's story is changed a bit. However, it is for the better as The Merlyn of the show is a much better character than the Merlyn of the comics. John Barrowman adds a certain charisma to Merlyn that makes you exited every-time he is on the screen. The villain of season 2 is (spoilers for Season 2) Deathstroke. Most of Slade's backstory is intact in the show. Even though his motivations are a little sketchy, Manu Bennet represents Deathstoke as the intimidating, venganful, and bad-ass character that we all know and love from the comics so all is forgiven.

However, Arrow is not perfect. The 1st 7-8 episodes are engaging, but can be off-putting to some and not leave a good impression. However, I highly recommend that you stick with the show as it gets leagues better for the last half of Season 1 & All Of Season 2. The other main problem with Arrow is the Lance sisters, Laurel & Sara. It seems like the writer's just don't know what to do with Laurel. Although, Katie Cassidy tries her hardest to make the character work, the way the writers handle her is pretty brutal. I really hope they fix her for Season 3 (though they seem to be on the right track as I know she will be training with Wildcat). Sara has the opposite problem. The way she is written is usually pretty good, however the actress who plays her is just awful. Some of her line delivery is literally unbearable, to the point where she actually ruined an episode (S02E15, The Promise) for me.

Overall, Arrow is a fun show and a great adaptation of the DCU that I look forward to watching every week, and I would gladly encourage any DC fan to check out Arrow to see there favorite characters such as The Flash, Deathstroke, Arsenal, The League Of Assasians, Deadshot & The Suicide Squad done justice on screen.

*Also, I would just like to encourage everyone to like Stephen's facebook page as he is honestly the kindest, most down to earth I have ever seen. His donations to various charities is honestly amazing. Also, he reveals little tidbits of info on upcoming Arrow episodes as well.