(spoilers) I started to binge watch this last night on Hulu and it started out with some promise. I was able to watch most of the first season in one evening with some skipping around of the sex scenes. Yes, be warned that there is nudity and implied sex through out the show.

The plot moves along at a good pace and they keep you in suspense for a while longer than most shows. I liked this because it keeps you guessing. However with all 'spy' related shows you can't always trust what you see and they start throwing plenty of twists and turns in the script to keep you confused.

By the 3rd episode I had already caught on to some serious continuity issues and character goofs. I found a variety of visual and script mistakes which took away from the near perfection I thought I was getting in the storyline.

By the 5th episode I thought I would quit but I was enjoying Claire Dane's character enough to see what she would do next. Again with the mistakes in the script and characters I pushed on thinking it would get better.

However by the 7th episode I had enough of the writing slipping off the edge of the cliff to its death. I pushed on and then in the 8th and 9th episode I gave up.

My problem with this script is that in order to keep your suspense up at a high level they either flip characters on you or they hide stuff visually from you. This worked in the first few episodes but they keep doing it over and over again. This gets tiresome because they lack in actual content. The script became convoluted and boring.

For example, (spoiler here) in the first few episodes you think Walker is dead and Brody is dealing with killing him. Brody is made out to be a sleeper terrorist and that he is going to kill the President.

Then in (spoiler) later episodes you are made to believe that at a fountain none of the 100 agents who are looking for Walker can't see him, even though he is coming in a winding sidewalk to the fountain and that no one sees the briefcase and that no one is suspicious of the coming event.

Then you have Walker actually coming in to the city to personally set off the bomb???? After he was in the woods hiding? And no one is missing the hunter he killed?

The list goes on and on of mistake after mistake.

(spoiler) Another example is when the CIA boss lets Brody go speak with the guard who peed on him. Highly unlikely that this is going to happen. It would only cause more problems and make their prisoner less likely to talk.

I couldn't watch any more of the show. I stopped at episode 9 of season 1 and looked at the descriptions of the episodes for the next three seasons.

It's a good start but like all shows, it drags on and to make things constantly interesting they become repetitive with the drama. 2/10 stars for the first few episodes which had promise of a greater script.