Homeland is hit and miss TV, almost paralleling the traits of its protagonist, bi-polar in behavior. Any TV drama takes time to bed in, this one starts out well and goes down the drain mid season. In any good show one usually feels attached to the main characters, invested to some degree. For that characters need consistency to some extend or real motive to explain the discrepancies. Majority of characters on Homeland do not exhibit that. When you come to loathe and ridicule TV show characters, something has gone quite wrong. 

Homeland starts out well. Dialogues like "F*&k the Pakistanis" give a credibility to the lead actor. NO matter what politicians say certain countries, their intelligence operations are not held in high regard by CIA/ FBI. That's a small scene but it tells you the lead woman, she has her bearings right. Then suddenly everything goes awry. It becomes a bad family drama, CIA operatives sleeping with terrorist suspects and what not. 

Homeland Season 1 has maybe 2 or 3 characters worth following. Saul, another of CIA analyst and maybe even Mike. They have arcs which remain consistent. Everyone else, and especially lead characters Carrie and Brody vacillate a lot. Bipolar disorder is conveniently added to explain some of this but it becomes tiring soon after. If you like your main character to play CIA agent and cry, throw tantrums, disobey all the orders then you have a winner on hand. If you like a terrorist who for 6 episodes shows his contempt for the system and wants to do whatever he thinks is right and then chickens out at last minute, yes you have a show. If you need a perpetual 16 year old girl playing the bratty hormonal teenager, yes watch Homeland. These 3 characters ruin the show by taking huge chunk of time. 

Homeland is a bloated TV series, season 1 + 2 could have been trimmed and made into 1. So much extra stuff that could been cut and good show been created. I would suggest one watch the SNL skit once they are half way through this TV series (Season 1). It will give an idea of what is to come next. Or skip this and move to better TV series out there.