This review will include spoilers as it is impossible to talk about the flaws of the TV show without details.

I was very excited when I heard that the best part about Jessica Jones was getting his own TV Show.

Then I heard that one of the produces of the shows said that Luke Cage would be The Wire of the Marvel Universe. That was a pretty bold statement to make.

I was cautious. Thinking it couldn't reach the levels of one of the best TV Shows ever made, but it would at least attempt it.

There was no attempt. This show is bad.

It was pretty clear from the get go that this show didn't try to be like the Wire. There is no complexity here. It is always pretty straight forward, but in the dumbest way possible.

The writers of the show were so focused on the characters making tough speeches, they forgot to add depth and motivation to them.

I still don't understand Luke Cage. Sometimes he goes out of his way to throw people around and other times he does nothing, or bails at the smallest hint of a challenge. Like when Cottonmouth found out who he was.

Just wear a mask.

We only really find out more about Cottonmouth in the same episode in which he's killed. By his cousin. The one that still doesn't have much depth, but a lot of tough speeches.

The episodes before that barely spend any time on Cottonmouth's character. Instead we saw him overlooking his club, listening to music which took up way too much time and hear him laugh. A lot.

Every single day someone in his club gets killed, there are shots, something gets broken, but somehow the people still go there. The people of Harlem are stupid. Criminals and police a like.

We spend an exceptional amount of time with the dreadfully boring and judgmental hypocrite known as Misty Knight.

A policewoman who knows it all by looking at pictures. Like Cottonmouth, she too spends most of her time in one place only. She stands in her office and looks at pictures of people. That's 90% of her screen time.

She obsessed with Luke Cage and when other police start to focus on Luke Cage, she says that the focus should be on someone else.

Lady, you spend the majority of the season chasing a vigilante who did good, while the city was sucked dry by Cottonmouth. You never found out who killed Pops. 

She usually also always shows up where she should be, asking questions that she couldn't know, because ... well how would she?

Where and when exactly did she find out that the top crime bosses disappeared? Did she ask her photographs?

While on the subject of plot holes and oddities, here are a few:

In one scene Cottonmouth argues with his Cousin that money is more important than respect.

Then why didn't he sell the club when he needed the money?

Why did he rob rich people? His people didn't wear any masks. You can't do that without consequences. No one was put in jail for that. What is the police doing?

The traitorous Hispanic police officer was never mentioned again after Misty arrested him.

Why didn't Luke Cage just give the girl her ring back? Why did he have to awkwardly include it in his underwhelming speech?

Mariah Dillard's solution to police violence is to motivate them to buy more brutal weapons and Harlem agrees.

Why does anyone listen to her when she calls for a meeting of the gang bosses? How is she making demands and why is the Hispanic gangster even listening to her in the first place?

What's Shades motivation for all of this? Is he in it for the puss'? Because I'm pretty sure he can do better.

Why didn't Misty tell anyone that facial recognition identified Striker as her attacker? This is the guy who attacked a police officer, arrest him.

Why didn't Luke punch Cottonmouth in the face when he just fought his henchmen in his club? This guy is responsible for Pop's death.

Why does Luke believe Cottonmouth that he wasn't responsible for Pop's death? And if he didn't, why didn't he punch him in the face?

Why not punch Shades as well?

Why didn't Luke just destroy the obvious power generator on Willis back?

Why is Shades allowed to walk out of the police department after trying to kill Misty in the Club? Is her testimony worthless?

Why did she spill the beans about Candice being dead? Mariah might not have known this (She didn't).

Why did no one really investigate the death of Pop? I mean the audience knows who did it, but the police doesn't. I thought he mattered?

Why even rebuild a barber shop if you have no idea how to run it?

Why is everyone switching alliances faster than I change my socks?

Why didn't Misty tell people that Luke Cage had an alibi after he told her that he was in an ambulance when Cottonmouth was killed?

Since when does a terrible speech about Harlem undo someone's crime? Luke Cage is still a vigilante.

Why did Luke Cage run after he was arrested if a speech was enough to let him walk free? Was there a reason to believe that Diamondback would run?

Why didn't Diamondback just run?

All in all: A waste of potential. At times it feels like Tommy Wiseau wrote this show.

Instead of going always forward, the show should've spend more time reflecting on what it did wrong.

Also: The fights are exceptionally boring. Stop throwing people and start throwing punches.