Incidentally, the reason television series are rated so highly on IMDb (relative to films) is a simple but interesting little factoid. One cannot readily attribute this rating discrepancy to quality; although the obvious difficulty of systematic comparison cannot be cast off as trivial, television has yet to produce as many lasting cultural artifacts as film. As such, the discrepancy can only be rooted in exposure. IMDb users who enjoy a series will watch it in its entirety and give it an accordingly high rating. Contrarily, users who do not enjoy a series will not watch it in its entirety, and will likely stop part way through. The users who did not enjoy the series will either give it a low rating, or if they consider themselves as unable to vote fairly -- having not watched the series -- will not vote at all. This limits the voter base to being composed mostly of people who have watched the entire series (mostly high-raters), and, of course, IMDb's masterclass squadron of trolls and punks. 

Films, on the other hand, are a moderate time investment. Even if the film lags in parts, many continue with the hope that things will get better. Or if things don't, at least the film will end with only a few hours wasted. As such, the voter base for films is much broader, and more opinions -- specifically negative ones -- are accounted for.

I'll come clean now so that this review makes sense: I watched four episodes before giving up, and the fourth I skimmed through with the faint hope that something worthwhile would happen. Nothing did, which is why you're reading this. 

Luke Cage is quite possibly the blandest and most tiresome television series I've ever "seen". I tend to avoid television in general, as the time investment seems too great for small, uneven returns, but I was spending quality time with my dad, and our definition of quality time is rather limited in scope. We did get a few select chuckles, the occasional guffaw, a brief but memorable discussion about the difference between a "real man" and a "non- man", and the added joy of hurling insults at the characters and writers, but I don't suppose that any of those were intentional on the part of the show's creators. 

For all the uninitiated (consider yourselves lucky), Luke Cage is Powerman, a superhero with impenetrable skin and super strength. To start things off, those are exceedingly bland powers, for multiple reasons:

1. We've seen them before, many, many times 2. These powers guarantee him invincibility. Therefore, there is no risk factor. 3. Does he even have a single goddam weakness?

The sin of bland superpowers could in theory be forgiven if the hero makes up for it in other ways. Charisma, real-life problems, a decent story, and a decent villain all come to mind, but the Luke Cage in this series has none of these. He's good with words, but comes off as unbearably bland and taciturn, an uninspired machine- generated character. His real-life problems seem strangely distant although they're discussed as if they're two seconds from sneaking up and chomping down on his bottom. His story is boring as hell, filled with poorly scripted discussions that make little sense and character development slathered on like a pound of Nutella on a chicken sandwich. And his villain is a nobody, a silly goon who likes beating people up, posing, and saying stupid things that the people around him seem to take as profound.

Deprived of interest, we wished for action. If it's done right, action can save terrible films and shows. And this one especially. Luke Cage is a superhero, and although we may say that we go to superhero films to see the triumph of morality (although nobody says that), we're really there to see things punch other things and things blow up. The humanity is an added bonus. But Luke Cage does very, very little punching. Instead, he talks a whole lot and hulks about without even a grain of an interesting personality. All things considered, this might very well be the show's fatal flaw.

Although I wasn't expecting much at all, Luke Cage managed to disappoint me. Now that's saying something.