Warning! There are some SPOILERS ahead since i watched all 13 episodes. Here is why this series is below DD,JJ.

Special effects/choreography. Where did all the money go for this series? If u watched daredevil and Luke cage u see the difference. There is really a lack of fight scenes and when there are they really disappoint. I know Luke has powers and he cant ninja kick people because they would get hurt... but the fight scenes are either very short or just rehash of the old stuff. I don't expect crazy punches from mr.cage but at least some creativity. The only good scenes where the ones in the trailer..otherwise none to speak of. Also anyone notice the awful cgi in a lot of scenes? When Luke jumps of a building his body/legs special effects are some of the worst i have seen. Other instance when Luke is in that prison flashback he punches through a wall... just re-watch that scene and tell me if that is some high tech effects. I seen better cgi on CW shows...

Diamondback: You who have watched the whole series let this sink into u. There are people who decided that cottonmouth had to go for diamondback to come into this show?!?! Diamondback the worst,cheesiest,corniest villain i have ever seen in my life. That bible preaching card-board character is a shame for television. Instead to SPOILERS... kill him off the writers where like: " whoah we are so proud of this characters we will have him appear in season 2!"

Luke cage is invulnerable. So you would think the people running the show thought "hey! him being invincible will get old really soon wouldn't it?" but NOOOO. Instead we get to see Luke cage being shot at 100000000 gazzilion times. What they should have done is show the criminal underworld finding ways to stop Luke cage. This way we viewers would understand what limits this superhero has. Like for instance: Burn,acid,electricity,radiation,poison,drawing and my favorite: sonic weapons that will transmit painful sounds into Luke ears. We don't know if this would work instead but all this is better than goons(even the same!) shooting cage for the millionth time.

Cottonmouth: I have to say mahershala ali has become one of my favorite actors since watching him portray this role. My only criticism is (again) the writers. Cottonmouth is basically no villain. He offers no challenge to Luke. In the original comics cottonmouth was blessed with super strength and sharp (shark like) teeth. Why did the writers decide to make him into a normal guy? I would understand if he offered some resistance but what does he do the whole series? Laugh? Bark at his underlings? He never was threatening unlike kingpin and kilgrave. A real villain is supposed to be a thorn into the heroes eyes. Cottonmouth was nothing more than a annoying fly buzzing around cage.

There are some huge plot holes in the series. Like Luke punches diamondback into a wall only for the dude to get up like nothing happened. Luke cage never punched a criminal hard... yet when police show up he falcon punches the cop so hard he flys 10 meters away?? Why not flee? Why not trap the cops into a car? Because the plot demanded it. yawn. And the worst scenes is when Luke cage was dipped into acid to get these bullets out?? Why not dip just the torso and not the whole body!!? And what was with that acid anyway??? Magically turns into water the next minute?

The positive is harlem is beautifully portrait, it feels like the wire ( but without the good writing) some awesome supporting actors on the shows. If they can rectify some of the mistakes this could be on of the best. But i doubt they will and we see the same old same old in season 2. I rate this series in two halves. The first 6-7 episodes i give a 7. And the rest i give arrow season 3-4 rating.