Luke Cage is probably the weakest link in the current crop of Marvel's made for TV superhero shows. The writing is weak, the acting subpar in most places and the premise is flimsy. The villains chosen to go up against Luke Cage are probably the dumbest bad guys I have ever seen. Diamondback and Cottonmouth are as much a threat to Luke Cage as an ant would be to an elephant. But an ant can be a nuisance for the elephant if it crawls into its ear. Or something like that. Here the villains instead chose to toy with him even though they understand that he is bulletproof, crazy strong and has the best kind of luck any person can have. There were at least 3 occasions where the bad guy has Luke Cage dead to rights but instead chose to walk away assuming that he will die. Probably of boredom. Bad writing. The stakes are very low and the drama is forced. I really don't see why they had to stretch it to 13 episodes, they could have easily wrapped it up in 9 maybe 10. I think that I can safely say that Luke Cage is comparable to what DC is doing with its properties these days. Flushing them down the toilet. Moreover, I am surprised that people in this marvelverse are surprised to see people with powers. I mean, they keep referring to the incident where a God, a Demon, a Supersoldier, a genius, a superspy and a guy who never misses come together to stop an alien invasion. Surely seeing a superpowered individual after that should not be such a revelation. Luke Cage is an escaped convict who gets his powers due to an experiment gone wrong when he is in prison. He is chosen as a candidate for the experiment for the flimsiest of reasons (apparently he is strong and he is educated, go figure). With his new powers Luke Cage chooses to do.. nothing. Yes he is quite content sweeping floors, working as a dishwasher for the better part of 3 episodes. The only reason he decides to do something about Cottonmouth's murdering ways is because Cottonmouth murders his mentor. Well not really Cottonmouth but one of his employees. So here is Luke Cage trying to bust Cottonmouth's chops by remaining within the confines of the law, the usual tropes and clichés follow till Diamondback (who is his Luke's stepbrother) comes after him because his father loved Luke more (which is not the case, his Father is equally averse to Luke Cage). Now Diamondback has special bullets that can pierce Luke Cage's skin and kill him. And it is quite evident that he hates Luke enough to want to kill him. So how does he go about killing Luke Cage? Over the course of 7 episodes he shoots cage twice and lets him go both times. There is no explanation for this. If I were a ruthless hit-man hellbent on killing my stepbrother, I would make sure that the job is done. But Diamondback is too stupid to finish the job. The silliest thing is that even though people know that Luke is powerful and impregnable, they still go up against him with guns and fists. I mean how stupid do you have to be to become a gangster. The whole blaxploitation angle has been tacked on unnecessarily. The track with Cottonmouth's sister, that whiny politician rabble-rouser who irritated me with her silly expressions and bad acting. To say the least, Luke Cage is a stupid show and if people feel otherwise, I feel sorry for them. Daredevil (only the first season) was awesome, it was intense, the stakes were real and the villain was appropriate. With Luke Cage I feel as though Marvel is simply trying to cash in. If you really do not have anything better to do with your time, watch Luke Cage. Otherwise watch something more interesting.. like paint drying maybe.