I've always enjoyed crime/drama shows on TV. My favorite for the longest time was CSI: The original. It was like the first time ever a team had been put together to do a show, but actually had to do their homework first. It was the first of it's kind, that, as you watched it, you actually felt like these were GENUINE forensic scientists!! Very impressive. I never missed a show. But then, a new show came along called "Criminal Minds". Well, the previews caught my eyes at first, and then I started recognizing different faces, like Shemar Moore (HOT!!), Joe Mantegna,, and Thomas Gibson. That was enough for me to mark my calendar! I don't remember when the pilot aired, but I was on it! Of course, "Rossi" didn't come into the show until later, but even the original supervisor,(sorry, his name escapes me right now), was excellent. That very first show finally gave me hope, that there could actually be shows that made their casts appear completely professional- as if you were watching a real doc. episode, as opposed to your average "Oh, yeah, right, like that could happen in real life!". You know what I'm talking about. Aside from all of that, I had never watched a show where there wasn't at least ONE character I just couldn't stomach- especially females. This cast clicked from the beginning, and is far from quitting. The funny thing is, there's this Matthew Gray Gubler out of no where, who kind of seemed odd at first, but then I began to realize that he had a certain sex appeal to him( me being a 45-yr old female!). He started to be my favorite character, but I admit that just looking at "Morgan" was a treat Then there's this "Hotch"-very distant, but very handsome!! And I found that the female characters seemed to blend in, rather than just being thrown on the show as "eye-candy", as so many producers do. This is not the case at all. In every single episode, they each have a job to do, and they work that job as if they ACTUALLY WORKED for the FBI!! This show never fails to interest you, keep you watching until the end, and you can not NOT like any of these characters. And, my God, look at "Rossi" at his age! Still sexy as hell. "Garcia", of course, always seems to break the ice w/ her humor, but kicks butt on those computers too!! What I've noticed the most in the last season,though, is that, in the beginning, "Dr. Reid" always seemed pale, sickly,nerdy, and in bad need of a hair cut! Well, he's grown up, I guess- he is extremely HOT w/ that longer hair, he gained weight, and he looks healthy- yummy!! So, I have a most favorite show that nothing else in this world could take me away from come Wed. nights. This show rocks- has everything. A totally compatible cast and an original,edge of your seat (almost) episode every single week. It's "real", it's suitable for a fairly wide-open fan range, and it just never seems to get "old", like most shows do after a couple of years. I hope "Criminal Minds" is around for a very long time. If you've never watched it, and you enjoy realistic(sometime's downright gross stuff),crime dramas w/ a LOT of action, then you owe it to yourself to check out this show- I promise you won't regret it!! I guess I owe my biggest thanks to the writers of the show- Whoever you are: Thank you, thank you, thank you!! You should get an award, or at least a nod at a nomination when it comes to all of these hyped- up award shows. Best cast ensemble?? DUH!! How about some nods for best acting? Well, you'll always have my vote, and I would like to think that there are a lot of other people out there that agree with me. If so, show some love- send in some comments!1