First off, I don't LIKE 'cop shows' like 'CSI', or 'Law and Order'. They are too 'preachy', all robotic characters, CSI is weirdly violent with the close-ups of flesh wounds, etc., and exactly the same every week.

I started watching Criminal Minds repeats on A&E late night. I soon found myself watching 3 episodes in a row. It's also on ION TV as well. They usually show epi's that aired in order, so i can follow the ongoing personal sub-plots much better. 

CM is NOT always the same formula. They do not always even go after serial killers, or it's often of very different types. They do not always 'get their man'. When they do, it's often by very different ways, by a contribution by a different 'team member', or sometimes by dumb luck.

Most shows stories seem taken from actual killers and/or recent events (and horror movies, like 'Saw'), so it stays topical. 

CM DOES add personal stories and on-going plot-lines of their 'team'. Each major character is very different and has their strengths and weaknesses...they show both all the time. Each episode focuses one one of them the most. For a 'cop show', there is a lot of heart and humor that come from the teams' genuine caring for each other.

I like that they use 'brain power' to solve crimes, not fictitious lab work. Sure, Penny Garcia could not realistically find things as fast as she does on her computer...but that adds in some of the fun and humor of the show...and speeds up the story. 

I disagree to another review's here that say they demean the local cops. They often go out of their way to stress to each other NOT to do that, and get 'dressed down' if they did.

I learned to tell which season is which. IMO, S2 is my favorite, with the odd exit of Lola Glaudini's (extremely sexy) character early in the season, then adding of Paget Brewster's new character (almost an exact copy of Lola, but not as interesting), then Mandy P's slow breakdown, then exit in S3. Spencer's (the young genius) role and acting gets much better in this season as well.

The original cast is the best, but the production values get better every season. I can tell a S1 episode by it's cheaper looking blueish film quality and sets (and how short Spencer's hair is). 

I've noticed that Thomas Gibson has become more and more the 'star' of the show after Mandy left. He gets to show more emotion, more personal stories (like getting demoted, getting a divorce), and even get to do some 'butt kickin'.