We got some dumb reviewers here too. The one person that says JJ was fired is dumb. She was never fired, she was hired for a job at the pentagon. OMG, how stupid are you? Man, I read some dumb reviews, but the person saying JJ was fired, was the dumbest or one of the dumbest things I ever heard, when I have seen every single episode more than once. I would know, since she was never fired. She was forced to take the job at the pentagon. She wanted to stay. Get your stuff together, dummy.

I am a horror fan, and I guess that is why I love this show. They the characters had their ups and downs in different times, but it happens to all shows. For the people that say this is rip off of NCIS. Hello, more dummies. NCIS has nothing to do with FBI BAU, its NAVY. Just cause characters are put in as like them, does not make it the same.

One thing different is the horror aspect of Criminal Minds, and none of NCIS. NCIS is about terrorism, and Criminal Minds isn't. Why would a show called Criminal Minds not have horror aspect if its all about Criminals and how bad they can get? Because, we got dummies out there that think when Criminals, means it has to be like CSI or NCIS.

Out of all the shows of NCIS, CSI, Bones, The Mentalist, and any cop show. Criminal Minds is way better, because we get to see how a Criminal may think to why he or she is doing what they do. Those other shows mentioned are just about catching someone, and not explaining why.

Don't get me wrong I like the other shows I listed too, but just not nearly as much as Criminal Minds, and for those people that like to say outrageous things of what is not true about the show or characters, then watch the shows or episodes again, and then say what you say about it. Making crap up just to say how bad the show is, is just making you look dumb.

If I had the money to put out. I would buy all the Blu-Ray discs of Criminal Minds, and I hope this show continues. I keep seeing the best shows canceled, and the trashiest shows get renewed. It is stupid.