This is about FBI profilers from Quantico who are called in by the local authorities to use their knowledge of psychology and using the evidence at the crime scene to put together a profile of the person they think is guilty and using the profile to find the guilty party.

I am surprised it has taken till now to base a series on FBI profilers as when I have been watching real crime stories, the amount of times the local police have turned to the FBI and especially the Behavioural Analysis Unit are too many too count.

I think this programme is much needed as the rest of the crime based programmes because this time, it is about people who have to go into the disturbing and scary minds of serial killers and this has never been addressed that there are real agents dealing with the filth on the streets and the ways they have learnt to get past what they have seen. The characters in the show are not superheros and that is what I like about the show, we see how hard it is for them, using their skills, the crime scene and evidence to understand that person in a way so they can catch him and then they have to try to get all that person's thoughts out of their head and they find it hard to switch off from what they see.

A bonus to the show is the fact it doesn't stay in one location, the criminal activity can take them all over the United States, so we get to see the difference of how the communities handle the crimes and the aftermath in the city or small environments.

This is yet another show that has you gripped to your seat. Another good twist is that when the audience think they have figured out who is the guilty party, the show takes another surprise turn and the audience has to start again and try and think who else could be responsible. It is a thinking show and I find myself drawn into it, trying to figure out who has done it. It isn't predictable and I like that.

The show has interesting characters, brilliant actors, writers that keep audiences entertained and keep them on their toes and it is just so absorbing to watch, I get totally lost in the programme.