This series, so much we know from the tag line, is about a serial killer, and the female cop trying to catch him. The serial killer and his circumstances are presented with a chilling realism. To the outside world, a loving family man, a trusted counselor. Inside, a twisted mind. Now, serial killers are relatively rare, but you could easily liken him to a child abuser. Often times, those people similarly manage to fool everyone around them. Kids are even entrusted in their care, kids that will end up becoming their victims. There is such a sickening element in this alone that certain scenes of this series are difficult to bear.

This also leads me to a word of warning for victims of abuse planning to watch this series (be it sexual, physical or mental abuse). You will likely be shaken up by the events taking place, and worst of all, there is no catharsis taking place here. The entire series so far - Season 1 & 2 - is very well made, showing realistic behaviour of both of the perpetrator and the police. And just like in real life, things go from bad to worse right under people's noses, but they realize it all too late. The viewer, helpless witness to what is happening, can only direct hateful expressions at the TV, or however you choose to deal with it. But there certainly is no happy ending in any of this. If you watch some of this before going to bed, you might be a bit worked up and have trouble falling asleep. I can only imagine that it must be worse for abuse victims watching this.

So, for all its brilliance, for all its realism, it is also tough to watch at times. Please keep that in mind.

Murderers, rapists, and other such people are often labeled "monsters" and "inhuman", he is called that in this series too. This, of course, is wrong. Instead of dehumanizing such people, the much more troubling realization is that they are very human in the end. If this series teaches us anything, it's that sometimes those people are living right amongst us. Ultimately, we can only counteract this with love, and watching out for any signs of people dear and near to us being in some kind of trouble, especially kids. They might experience something bad, and we must try to spot it and help them.

8/10, absolutely gripping, well-made series with great attention to detail.