„You cannot blame gravity for falling in love," said Albert Einstein. However, who is to be blamed for falling in shadow and darkness? When you start watching a crime series, or a movie, you do not really want to know who is the killer straight away. The catch is to solve the case with whoever the investigator is. So why would the producers of a Northern Irish TV series decided to show us the killer in the first episode. Isn't all about solving the case? The producers of „The Fall", a TV series that premiered in mid-2013 decided that the path is the goal. When Superintendent Stella Gibson, perfectly played by Gillian Anderson (she is fluent in British English!), comes from London Metropolitan Police to Belfast to investigate serial killer case we already know the guy – we saw his face, we know his oeuvre and his means for torturing his victims. Peter Paul Spector is one of the first characters we see and from the very beginning we know – he is the perpetrator.

How clear is that – the Good (Stella) will try to catch the Bad (Paul) with the help of the Ugly (Jim Burns, Stella's ex-lover and her supervising officer at the Police Service of Northern Ireland). So why would we watch it? Obviously, because it is not about the „who" but about „how", not „how did he do it", but „how will she ever catch him".

The lines drawn at the beginning are deceiving. Many shades of grey come to the light soon enough to keep the viewer interested and attracted by the story. We take this fall together.

Two main characters – Stella and Peter – are seemingly opposed but down this path we took together we start to seen not only that each one of them has this „other" side but also that they have so much in common. Firstly the oppositions: Stella is a woman, she is cold and distant, doesn't have a family, work is everything to her. Her aim is to keep the city clean from the evil. Paul – a man, a family man, what is more – a counselor, an empathetic and placeable psychologist. Fair enough, opposite characters in a common case. However, what kind of woman is Stella? Focused and determined, perfectionist and authoritarian. She will not miss any clues or spots. However, she has a weak point (or is it?) - she likes men, and she treats them as objects. The first man in the series she wraps around her finger falls for her despite being a father and a husband (he will pay a high price for his sins...). She uses her „victim" as a toy, and she does not like decomposing the issue into prime factors.

Wait a minute...objectifies, uses the victim, well controlled and perfectionist cultivating rituals – this perfectly depicts our „beloved" Peter Paul.

Moreover, there's the rub. Only (s)he who knows the dark side can follow and catch the doer. Because technically (s)he is a doer too. Just the repercussions and the „against-the-law" issue are different. Still, we all know that the law is established by men, therefore, it is limited to whatever is considered illegal by the men themselves. What is within the margin of the error goes.

Stella and Peter are very similar indeed. They both cross certain lines. They are both very erotic, but each one in a different way, and voyeuristic. Because again, it is not about „what" but about „how".

It takes two series for Stella to get finally to see and catch Paul (he has the advantage of knowing and observing her, and that lets him being one step ahead) and eventually (SPOILER!) despite having him at a gunpoint she fails to punish him properly. Moreover, that is how she get her punishment. Maybe if he was more focused and less disturbed by his deviation he would be more careful. However, then why would she even chase him? British crime has its history if it comes to solving criminal cases with Agatha Christie's Mrs Marple and Hercules Poirot. The latter has successfully solved the case depicted in „Murder on the Orient Express" - Poirot gives two solutions. Which one is real? Does it matter? Id does not because what is important is why would the crime be committed in the first place.

In the end, it is all about understanding that we all have committed dark deeds. That we all have been falling for our darks side. Just sometimes these deeds are against the law.

Read more on www.visualandwriting.com