A friend of mine describes the cast of characters in this show as "a delightfully dysfunctional family." I certainly will agree that they are dysfunctional. Delightful? Not so much.

This is a crime show in a period where crime shows are all the rage, so the formula is a familiar one: a crime - usually, but not always, murder - is discovered at the beginning of the show, and the cast are the people who solve the crime. The main difference is that these crimes take place in the military, so the crime solvers aren't detectives, but agents. Leading our intrepid pack is Agent Jethro Gibbs (Mark Harmon), "the best agent ever," according to director, Jenny Shepard (Lauren Holly). The rest of the team consists of Agent Tony DiNozzo (Michael Wetherley), whose last name fittingly rhymes with "Bozo," Agent Timothy McGee (Sean Murray), who seems to perpetually be the unrespected "probie," and Agent Kate Todd (Sasha Alexander), who died at the end of season 2, and was replaced by Israeli Ziva David (Cote de Pablo), who, despite having been in the USA for many years, still doesn't seem to get American cultural references. They are assisted by Dr. Donald Mallard (David McCollum), incongruously called "Ducky," and Abby Sciuto (Pauley Perrette), arguably the brains of the outfit, although her area of expertise is never specified. Somehow this rather offbeat and bumbling combination manages to solve the crime every week, and successfully sees that the guilty party faces the proper authorities.

The writing of this show is an odd mixture in that they do manage to come up with some intriguing scenarios, but have created some of the most unlikable characters I've ever encountered. Gibbs seems to rely on little else besides an arrogant stare and hitting his team members upside the back of the head to solve crimes. DiNozzo takes cluelessness to levels that really ought to get him thrown out of the Navy. Ziva covers her inability to get American culture with an attitude of superiority that is wearing. Ducky is a little too eager to describe the results of his autopsies in gory detail - with visual aids. And Abby really leaves me wondering how she manages to exist outside the confines of an institution. The only one I find to be both smart and likable is McGee, and nobody listens to him. Their efforts to solve crimes often come across as bumbling as the Keystone cops, and I'm left wondering how this is supposed to be representative of the Navy's finest.

Given that the characterizations are so unpleasant, it's hard to know how much of that is the fault of the writing, and how much of the actors themselves. Since the characterizations are so consistent from week to week (perhaps a little too consistent, since in some cases they show no growth at all), I'm inclined to say that the actors are doing a good job with limited material. Frankly, they could all benefit from a chance to stretch a bit with their characters, and I think they're all easily up to the challenge.

While I think the idea of showing us how the Navy deals with crimes that take place among its members is a good premise, I really don't care for the artistic choices made in bringing this show to life. In short, these aren't people that I want to invest an hour of my time watching, and the only way I'd ever enjoy the show is if somebody hit Gibbs upside the back of the head - repeatedly. Still, clearly, I'm in the minority, and it looks like this "delightfully dysfunctional family" will be around for awhile solving crimes and entertaining the masses. Enjoy, everybody!