For me, Breaking Bad just found a string inside and grabbed onto my soul. I loved watching this show. I loved every episode, each one being unique and great in Its own way and there was never a dull episode. This was a special show, and I just can't say enough about it. Breaking Bad is mainly about high school chemistry teacher and meth manufacturer Walter White. Walt's character has so much depth to it. The writers really do a fantastic job at developing his and all of the other characters into some of the most memorable characters I've ever seen. Walter White is one of those rare characters that just stuck with me long after the show ended and is one of my favorite characters of all time. The actors who portray these people are tremendous, and I can't think of any cast member who gave a poor performance. Bryan Cranston as Walt was absolutely phenomenal. He did such a great job, and he deserves any and all praise he gets. I thought Aaron Paul was also one who stood out as Jesse Pinkman. And even though he was only in four episodes, I thought Raymond Cruz as Tuco was outstanding. Tuco's character was one of the best and most enjoyable to watch in my opinion. The way this show is filmed is also excellent. It looks like a well-made movie and there is some great cinematography present throughout the series. The music that they add in is spot-on. They pick the best music for every situation throughout every episode and every season. Probably the best thing about the show is the story. Every episode is fun to watch and the story is just so fascinating and captivating. They develop their characters so nicely and quickly that the show becomes great almost right away. This show has meaning behind it, and someone with an eye for detail can understand and see the little things that are added in. Like the show Mad Men, you really have to pay attention to catch everything, although Breaking Bad has more action to it than Mad Men. Overall, Breaking Bad is great, and it portrays itself in such an interesting and incredible way that one can't help but become addicted to the characters and scenarios. I would recommend this show to anyone mature enough to catch small details and doesn't mind watching despicable people who do despicable things. Breaking Bad was a special and thought-provoking show that will go down as one of my favorite things to have ever seen on screen, television or cinema.