Wow. A thousand times wow. 

Now in it's fifth season, Breaking Bad is one of the most unique and stylish shows to appear on television for some time. So crammed full of high octane drama and thrilling story lines, you can often forget this show is made for TV. Bryan Cranston, of Malcom In The Middle fame, is so immersed into the character of 'Walter Wight', a chemist professor who 'breaks bad' after suffering a cancer scare, that it almost seems as though two very different actors played both parts! And I mustn't forget such a stellar supporting cast. These characters are incredibly interesting, multi layered works of art and fit the writing like your favourite sweater. 

Over five seasons we see a huge transformation in Walter, from a man desperate to do whatever he can to support his family in his time of need, to one with delusions of grandeur, frighteningly encompassing this new lifestyle with an almost sociopathic rationality. We see changes in those close to him. Hank's dealing with being shot and losing the ability to walk unaided and Skyler's acceptance of Walt and her descent into chaos are of particular note. Aaron paul's portrayal of Jesse Pinkman, a former junkie turned cook is another highlight and further reinforces how brilliant writing can complement superb character development. 

Everything about this show is stellar. The funny moments are dry, clever and better delivered than most comedies. The depth of drama in this show is apparently endless with nearly everybody on a knife-edge of some sort. but it is the action and cinematography where the show really explodes. This is where the show transforms from a great television show to a stylish, unique piece of modern art. Much like the early Tarantino films, the cinematography and overall style is so distinctive that you could spot a breaking bad scene a mile away. It is often breathtaking and as always full of beautiful surprises. 

This truly is a must see television masterpiece and is a work of the highest possible quality. 

The easiest 10/10 I have given so far.