Very rarely do you see a piece of television that stretch beyond the context of the nature of the shows premise to a level whereby viewers genuinely care for the characters. Even rarer than this, is to have a series that depict the dark seedy underbelly of our drug ridden society leaving the viewer compassionate for the producer of such an illicit substance and hoping in all regards to have the drug cook find ultimate wellbeing and a happy ending.

This show demonstrates pure and ismple why AMC has set themselves apart from every other television channel in terms of the quality of the programming they provide. The stations motto is "Where Story Matters" and it is no more evident than within Breaking Bad.

Walter White, is the series primary protagonist, a highly capable yet sadly under achieving Nobel potential scientist who now teaches at a high school. The story begins with Walter being diagnosed with cancer, a seemingly apparent death sentence leaving him with relatively little future potential and the problematic series of events that result as he attempts to provide support for his family well after his death. The audience gains an immediate connection for the series main character, feeling empathetic as he hears his diagnosis and reluctant yet convinced as he investigates the option of manufacturing methampethamine to build the nest egg he believes will support his family after his death.

This is not a series about drug, this is not a show about shard/ice/whatever you want to call it. It is simply the context for which this amazing story plays through. The story is more about the emotional development of the characters as the seemingly 'Mr Good' enters the seedy underbelly of society, and the fact that he is seemingly willing to go to any lengths to leave his family in a positive state. As the series progresses, the draw of the underworld is a constant theme for Walter as despite the developments it continues on its path of pure immersion and compassion from the viewer.

You will not feel compassion for every character that presents themselves, however, every character you meet has a crucial role in the development of character and story. This series is a true rarity amongst Television, the story is immaculate. You notice not only the main character, but his younger former student counterpart grow and develop as the situation develops. 

Having been a chronic user of drugs in the past, this story relates to me as a user, and as a theatrical buff. Whether your watching it because of its mention of the world of illicit substances or you simply enjoy an impeccably written and engrossing story Breaking Bad is one of the series that you cannot miss. If you have'nt seen it, watch it, every episode; then try to disagree if you must. But this show is one of the single greatest pieces of modern television you will ever see; and watching it leaves you feeling as if you've learnt something about the human psyche. Breaking Bad, is the single greatest television show i have ever watched, do not miss the chance to enjoy this masterpiece.