A phenomenal series. It's perfect for what it is trying to achieve. Everything about the series is perfect, especially the final season. I can't really put it all into words, but I'll sum up as much as I can.

First I should mention arguably the biggest thing about the series; the characters. I disagree with most people, who say that Walter White (Bryan Cranston) starts off in season one as a purely good person. You can see in the very first episode that he has an evil inside of him. As soon as he hears about the lung cancer he's off on an evil route that there is no coming back from. Yes, he becomes more evil, but he was never really good. Not that this is a bad thing, he still does really develop and change from a pretty normal person into a criminal genius.

You can see, from Cranston's brilliant acting, how and when Walter gradually changes. You can see when a big development happens that changes his character just from a mere look. You don't even know the moment that he changes from getting money for his family after he dies to a man obsessed with becoming his infamous, meth-creating alter ego, Heisenburg. It happens so slowly and subtly.

Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) also goes under major character development. At first I wasn't sure about him. Being a meth-using street punk, but gradually you realise that all he really wants is friends and people who care about him and he can care for. After the series is through and almost everyone he loves has been murdered (which he eventually finds out is due to his own partner), you see a huge change of character. He goes from an outgoing, uncaring punk into a destroyed and broken young man. Walter White becomes more evil and strong from watching people die, whereas Jesse Pinkman becomes more good and broken.

Every character has undergone at least some character development, but only three went through huge development. The third is Skyler White (Anna Gunn). At first I thought that she'd be yet another generic female character, but as the series goes on we see her many layers of character and how everything changes her. She goes from a soft, loving wife who becomes scared of her husband, to a strong woman who hates her husband and is not scared of him, to a wife who begins to agree with her husband and takes a dark turn, back to being scared of her husband, back to her normal life and finally to disagreeing with her husband and leaving him. Each change has a permanent affect, breaking her down yet making her stronger, much like Walter.

Of course, a mention has to go out to all of the brilliantly created character who were played perfectly. These include Hank Schrader (Dean Norris), Marie Schrader (Betsy Brandt), Walter White Jr./Flynn White (RJ Mitte), Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkurk), Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks), Gustavo Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) and Steven Gomez (Steven Michael Quezada). All of these were perfectly written and performed. You couldn't ask for more.

The writing is what another thing makes the show so perfect. It takes the meth business to a whole new level and everything is so in depth. Each character, story and scene written so perfect. There have been so many fantastic writers, but the one with the biggest overall influence is the creator, Vince Gilligan. I don't know how the series was written at such a perfect pace, but it was, and all due to the writers.

Of course, I must mention the directing. You can feel a pseudo Western take to it. It feels western, just from the angles and effects on the shots, but it isn't. It's sort of half western mainly due to the nigh perfect directing. There have been many directors, but I feel that all of them got it spot on perfect, from the calmest to the tensest scenes.

While I don't think the music really adds much to this series, David Porter still makes it so noticeably well. Just hearing the pseudo western sounds will instantly make you think of Breaking Bad. While not overall outstanding musing above all else, it does still certainly hit the spot and was what the series needed to make it as good as it is.

I must admit, season one and most of season two bored me. '4 Days Out' had me hooked. The series got better as it went along in my opinion. Season five was possibly the best season/series of anything, ever. It hit everything perfect, you can't decide whether you love or hate a character. They've all broken bad, but you still see all of the good in them. You're not quite sure how you wanted the series to end up.

I'm not sure how I feel about the ending, but it couldn't have really ended any other way without being unrealistic. Episode fourteen and season five, 'Ozymandias', is certainly my favourite. It had me on edge throughout the entire episode. Every scene was perfect and changed everything. It was the episode that brought everything together and was, in my opinion, the beginning of the end. It certainly deserves its remarkable 10/10 on here from an outstanding forty seven thousand people.

Overall I think the series hit basically everything it wanted to perfectly. I don't know how they did it, but they perfected a series about a man breaking bad. Sure, each character broke down in chunks. I disagree with people who say that they all gradually broke down every episode. It was certain scenes and events that caused them to break down, but they all did it so well and realistically. This is a groundbreaking series everyone should watch. There are no other series out there that hits everything it strives to so perfectly. No, I don't think I have overused the word 'perfect'.