Breaking Bad combines terrific writing, superb acting and excellent camera-work for a suspense-laden, exciting, humorous and dramatic show. The story is just so rich and full of surprises that your eyes will be glued to the screen. I also like the in-your-face realism, one seldom thinks that some scenes are too theatrical, no, even the spectacular or very coincidental parts are written and shot in a way that makes you think, why not? and places you in the midst of the action. The masterful writing leads to erroneous details that a viewer well versed in chemistry or DEA work will find being easily forgiven for the plot's sake, it's not a documentary after all. It's great how the story focuses on all levels involved with the meth trade, including the street dealer, lab work, be it in an RV, a hidden superlab or using fumigated houses for concealment, the police, corrupt lawyers, money laundering, how families get destroyed, big corporate moneymaking, the violence of Mexican drug cartels etc. While some may argue that a weak point of BB is the fact that you have to watch it beginning-to-end to really understand what's going on, IMHO this just highlights the strong writing, trying to tie up as many loose ends as possible, having earlier mistakes come to haunt Walt in later episodes, and so forth. Hank is always just one step behind Walt by picking up clues from previous episodes that the audience can piece together easily. The suspense is the show's other strength, at numerous times Walt is so close to being found out and still escapes by luck or ingenuity. There's the whole cat-and-mouse game of living a double life, getting entangled in lies, hiding in plain sight that the viewer can piece together and eagerly wait for the characters to unwind. This also adds to the comedic value, a lot of which stems from the character's witty lines full of dark humor, and great acting, also from the supporting cast. Cranston rightly deserves his Emmys for an astonishingly wide and realistic portrayal of emotions. Saul Goodman is another great character, well acted by Odenkirk, hilarious but realistic, and the epitome of white-collar crime. I could go on and on about how the characters' lives entwine, how things very nearly go wrong, how many lives Walt ruins in his quest to satisfy his hurt pride. If the script was made into a novel it would be a bestseller. Add to this a variety of creative camera angles, beautiful scenes of the endless New Mexico skies and high desert ranges, and this is also a treat for the eyes. An absolute must-see. There is also a moral tone to the story, and we see very clearly the effects the drug trade has on all that are involved. Families get ruined, from the Pinkmans to the Whites to the numerous sad but realistic end users of Walt's drugs. The violence involved, the complete wreck that Walt becomes while everything is seemingly running well are also strong messages to the audience. While it's sad to see the show end next summer, even this speaks in its favor. Rather than milking a good brand until it becomes boring, like so many other TV series that started out great and then watered down, this masterpiece knows when to retire: when it's at the top. I for one cannot wait to see what imaginative ingenuity they come up with for Heisenberg's finale.