Blood, Meth and Tears If you just found out you had cancer, and only had a few months left to live what would you do? Would you spend every second you could with love ones? Or would you try to complete some sort of bucket list? Would you make sure that your family could survive without your support? Or would you simply give up? These might be some of the thoughts going through your head. However, for Breaking Bad main protagonist Walter white leaving his family to struggle and barely get by is not an option.

Walter Hartwell White is Fifty-year-old man struggling to survive. He works as an overqualified high school chemistry teacher and as a cashier at Bogdan's car wash. He barely makes enough to support his sick son Walt Jr. who suffers from cerebral paisley. He also has to take care of his pregnant wife Skylar, who is unemployed. Not only does he have to worry about his family surviving but also, he just found out he has terminal lung cancer. With only a few months left to live, Walt decides he has to make enough money, so that when he dies, his family will not have to worry financially. He decides that the only way is to start cooking crystal meth. He rekindles an old relationship with one of his old high school student Jesse Pinkman who happened to fail his chemistry class. Jesse is now small drug dealer who is also struggling to get by. With Jesse's connections and Walt's chemistry experience, they decide to partner up and cook the finest meth in the state of New Mexico. With various drug dealers, the cartel, and his stepbrother hank from the DEA after them, how will Walt and Jesse survive and accomplish their goals. Breaking Bad is one of the most critically acclaimed TV series ever made. Which is funny because many of the big TV networks such as HBO, TNT, FX, and Showtime turned down the show according to Wikipedia. Breaking Bad starts somewhat slow at first in my opinion. Well at least for the first couple episodes. But once I got a little deeper in the show my whole view on it changed. The whole concept of the show seemed silly to me, innocent old man, turned into drug lord just does not seem right to me. But the way the director Vince Gilligan progresses the show is just amazing. Also the acting the comes from the characters is just impeccable, there were many scenes in the show that just had my heart pumping wonder what was going to happen next. The show often had me thinking about what would I do if I was in that character's situation. Another reason why Breaking Bad is my all time favorite show is because of the amazing characters. The acting in this show beats any other show I have seen, and I believe they could not have picked a better cast. You have Walter who is willing to do anything for his family and he proves that. Jesse the unpredictable partner with crazy issues. Or the Comedic yet very serious DEA agent/ brother in law Hank who wont give up on finding "Heisenberg". Also the unstable wife Skylar who was appealing to many female viewers. One of the characters Saul Goodman a sketchy, shady lawyer who helps Jessie and Walt, was so well liked by fans that he got his own show Better Call Saul. Finally yet importantly Gus, the huge undercover kingpin that is willing to go the extreme to prove a point or get what he wants. The list can go on and on but these are just a few off the top of my head. I personally really enjoyed watching Breaking Bad. No other TV has had me think as much as this one. After watching one episode I would immediately say "oh I know that blah blah blah is going to die, or "it is obvious that this and that is going to happen next" and boy was I always wrong. There are so many complex twist and turns throughout the five seasons of the show and in all honesty, not one episode left me disappointed. Another reason I enjoyed Breaking Bad is because you can really tell how emotionally messed up and distorted each characters is in their own way. It really shows the limit of how much people can put up with. I would recommend this to anyone who loves good TV.