My headline I wrote was probably the hardest thing I have ever wrote, Seriously. I have always considered Seinfeld my favorite TV show with no real competitors. Well I have to say Seinfeld is no longer my favorite show, Breaking Bad is. Breaking bad is amazing, from the story to the actors who play the characters everything is perfect.

The Storyline hits home for me. I am a recovering addict who has been sober for a year now. I also was a dealer, not a big time like these guys are. The world of drugs and dealing is a dark place, yes at times you feel great and you do make a lot of money but no matter who you are if you are in that world you will face dark times and the lifestyle WILL catch up to you and bring you into a hole darker than hell itself. Which is where Walt and Jesse currently are in the story. But when they first started there venture into the world of drugs it looked glamorous with all the money and nice stuff. The growth of Walt's character has been amazing. He's gone from the "Good guy" to the "Bad Guy" throughout the story. Jesses character has kind of gone the opposite direction, now he's questioning everything he has done and wants to get out of the drug world. The characters we have met in between have made this show one of the greatest of all time. Everyone from the Mexican Cartel Hit Men to the Cartel themselves, to the Different drug dealers, and Jesse's girlfriends, Jesse's friends, Drug lords, Cops, Jesse and Walt's Families and all the other characters in between have made this show amazing.

What makes a great storyline even better are the people who play the characters. Bryan Cranston is an amazing actor and has played Walt perfectly, I mean he has nailed him. Aaron Paul has played Jesse perfectly, and has become one of my favorite actors. Anna Gunn has been amazing along with Dean Norris who plays the perfect cop. They couldn't of found a better Gus than Giancarlo Esposito. I mean every single character has been nailed, which is why this show is among the greatest of all time.

If you haven't seen this show than you are only hurting yourself. I would do anything to be someone who hasn't seen this show yet so I could re watch the greatest show of all time. Please do yourself a favor and watch this show, Every season and episode that has aired is on Netflix(first half of 5th season has just come out on Netflix).