I can easily say that, Breaking Bad is one of the best TV series I have ever seen. Set in Albuquerque, the series follows the life of a high school chemistry teacher, Walter White (brilliantly played by Bryan Cranston), who was diagnosed with terminal cancer at the beginning of the first series. 

Breaking Bad tracked Walt's transformation from a decent, excellent high school teacher to criminal mastermind and the transition of his character. The mild-mannered high school chemistry teacher Mr. White comes to that point where he thinks that life can't get any worse. Learning that he has terminal cancer, and realising that his illness probably will ruin his family financially, Walt becomes desperate to secure his family's future before he dies, turning to a life of crime, making/cooking and selling methamphetamine, as a result, he ruined his own family and the lives of several others in the process. However, in the tensioned final half hour, somehow he won back a measure of both sympathy and respect - not least by surrendering the pretence that he's done it all for his family. At last Walt told Skyler: "I did it for me," "I liked it. I was good at it." "I was ALIVE!"

One way or another, Heisenberg ticked off every item on his unfinished business list, while the scenes slipped by at their customary stately pace, wasting his enemies, settling a score with his old rivals, freed his protégé, apologised to his wife and ensuring that his children would - someday - get the drug money he believes they deserve.

The series delivered everything that has been great about Breaking Bad: tension, emotion, pathos, brutality, humour, jaw-dropping shocks – and last, but not least: resolution.

Jesse Pinkman's character, intensely played by Aaron Paul, giving a memorable performance in the show and building a natural chemistry with the lead character, Mr. White – and exceptional play of an Exceptional actor: Bryan Cranston.

Beautifully written by Vince Gilligan, carefully directed by a great team, with plot twists coming in refreshing ways, brilliant acting, absolutely great cast – couldn't get any better.

Breaking Bad might not be perfect, but is definitely a great piece of art.