I, like many people, refused to watch "Breaking Bad" for the sole reason that I also erroneously believed it was a show about drug culture. What made it worse for me was that it was about what I believe to be worst of drug scourges in methamphetamines which proliferate within our underground to destroy so many lives. Having gone through own rebellious stages as a youth and experimenting with mind altering substances, I feel fortunate to have indulged in a time when artificial chemicals were not as prevalent as they are today.

I already had, through these early years, experienced enough of the subculture to recognize how the descriptive term of "seedy" is an understatement. It is a world rife with opportunistic exploitation and bereft of integrity in the pursuit of profit within a market so large, the challenge for players is no longer one of simple revenue generation but of market dominance often established through violent means. Few players can be considered to have evolved any appreciable measure of EQ.

I already had experienced enough of drug culture both in real life and in the sensationalized forms of fictional entertainment to believe I was no longer interested in being exposed to yet another example of either superficial glamorization or agenda bashing pedantry. I erroneously believed the premise of a high school teacher turning to the world of drugs due to economic conditions had already been done with "Weeds". (As much as I enjoyed some aspects of that show, it seemed to struggle between comedy and drama in a way which made it difficult for me to maintain faith as a viewer. I didn't want to find myself experiencing the same initial interest dwindling into an experience where I stopped caring about what was happening. Now that that show has completed its run, I may return to it in binge form - which might help me overcome the challenges it faced by being delivered on a weekly basis. I think some shows fail precisely because pacing is a challenge to maintain in storytelling when one must wait weeks or months to keep fresh the bond which exists between character and audience.) "Breaking Bad" didn't abate in either its popularity or in the zeal demonstrated by fans I encountered. Over the years of its run, it seemed as if fans were increasingly devoted toward gluing themselves to their seats as each episode was released. Eventually, I relented in the last year of its run and binged upon it with only a few months before its conclusion. I consider this perhaps one of the wisest television watching decisions I have ever made. I believe the experience of binge watching a show far transcends the experience of a weekly ceremonial because like a book, one can enjoy it from start to finish with fewer interruptions and far less lag between chapters. This freedom is what allows the mind to become absorbed by fiction in a way which transforms one's consciousness in ways unavailable to a weekly hour long ritual punctuated by distracting and often mind-numbing crass commercialism.

I believe the new format of releasing entire seasons at one go that some production companies have adopted is a thin entering wedge transforming television from being an "idiot box" to superficially satiate transient escapism needs and establish new heights on a bar of storytelling achievement. "Breaking Bad" is a show, which may have garnered a loyal following by being released on a weekly basis over years, but that is a testament to its exceptionally high degree of quality.

Watching it in binge fashion like I did was a transformative experience. As an audience member, one cannot help but to ponder the lessons learned from truly understanding how our choices shape both our reality and the person we become.

Walter White's initial decision to care for his family's future by turning toward drug production to mitigate the destabilizing effects of a career as a teacher shortened by the threat of death by the scourge of cancer was presented as a rational decision. This was a man who loved his family and whose sole desire to fulfill his economic responsibility as a father preparing their children with the requisites to create a successful future life for themselves, was an honourable goal. One empathized with his initial decision.

Throughout the course of this show's run, one perpetually finds oneself supporting his decisions even though many of the early ones resulted in consequences any conscientious human being would struggle with. The taking of a life for instance cannot be viewed as an acceptable outcome unless one's own life is threatened. For most people who encounter such a harsh reality, this is an anomalous experience. For those who traffic in the underground world of criminally generated profit, this is an unfortunately far from rare encounter. We may find this world abhorrent for this reason, but we accept the reality of its nature.

When we see a school teacher struggling to come to terms with this aspect of their choice, we support his actions on the basis of what has already been established as an honourable motivation. We rationalize the taking of a life as an unfortunate but necessary consequence.

What makes "Breaking Bad" unique however, is that we march headlong with Walter down the the slippery slope of diluted ethics to discover our empathy with the main character being transformed into revulsion. This is an experience which forces us to consider where, in the spectrum of acceptable standards of living, would we say "enough". At which point in our journey of devolving humanity do we stop and reclaim what we've allowed to erode within our spirit. No other show has ever so successfully challenged an audience on this deepest level of our own humanity.

"Breaking Bad" is a testament to storytelling which will survive as a beacon of quality for generations to come.