I'm not sure what to write about "Breaking Bad." It's probably the most amazing series I've ever seen, and I've loved several series over the years. But Breaking Bad is totally different from any of them.

It's totally addictive - the story of a high school teacher who finds out he has cancer and, to provide for his family in the future, turns to making meth. He's a chemist, so his stuff is purer than anything out there and is the color blue, so soon, everybody wants the blue meth.

What makes the show so fascinating is the evolution of the main character, Walter White, played by Bryan Cranston. Bryan Cranston is so good it hurts. He completely inhabits Walter. Walter starts out as a teacher and becomes more and more corrupt and desperate as time goes on and he enters the drug world. Soon he can lie and kill with the best of them and not bat an eyelash. The question is, was he always this way and his work with meth just brought it out? Or was he a nice guy corrupted by money and power? Or did he just start piling lie upon lie and had to protect himself? Because there's no question that Walter becomes a terrifying person.

The answer, I think, is in Walt's past. A brilliant man who had a chance at a being involved in an enormous business but gave it up. In other words, he's a loser, with a formidable talent going into teaching school. He gets the power and money and they become more powerful drugs than the meth. They tell him that at least he is somebody at last.

Walt's relationships suffer too. He has a wife, Skyler (Anna Gunn), and a son (R.J. Mitte) with cerebral palsy, a new baby, a brother-in-law (Dean Norris) in the police force and a sister-in-law (Betsy Brandt) with whom he and his wife spend a lot of time. And more than that, Walt has a partner Jesse (Aaron Paul), a former pupil of his, with whom he has an uneasy relationship that grows worse and worse as time goes on.

The atmosphere of the show is intense, epitomized by the brutal heat of Albequerque in which the characters often find themselves. The suspense and tension throughout is nerve wracking. And then there are the shocks. The scream out loud moment occurs when Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) exits a room in a nursing home. That's all I say.

The acting - well, it's absolutely tremendous from every single person. Bob Odenkirk, who plays Walt's attorney Saul Goodman, actually has a spin off series, so popular was his character. Anna Gunn goes from a pregnant, relaxed wife, to a wreck. R.J. Mitte, who has a mild form of cerebral palsy in his real life, is wonderful as Walt Jr., who likes to be called "Flynn." To see their love turn to hate was really something.

Aaron Paul is magnificent - in fact, it was decided not to kill off the character on the strength of his performance. He's a no-nonsense guy who does drugs and then tries to go clean; he falls in love; he cares about children - he must run the gamut of emotions in the series' five years. His relationship with Walt is sometimes compatible, sometimes antagonist, sometimes dangerous, and often frightening. Aaron is the good guy who does illegal things, but doesn't have Walt's mean streak.

Other standouts: Jonathan Banks as Mike, Giancarlo Esposito as Fring, Dean Norris as Hank, a real pitbull; Betsy Brandt as Skyler's sister and Hank's wife; and everyone else, perfectly cast and excellent in their roles.

There's not much to add except don't deny yourself the opportunity to see this series, so incredibly acted with such a powerful story - about the destructive nature of the drug trade, greed, and what power can do to someone. Just an amazing show.