**minor spoilers**

Breaking Bad is simply put one of the very best TV series in the history of television. The plot sounds very simple and in some ways generic at first glance. A law abiding chemistry teacher is diagnosed with cancer and decides to use the time he has left to leave behind some money for his family by producing crystal meth.

This series runs with that idea and never slows down. Everything here is top notch. The Acting on this show has won multiple Emmys (Lead and Supporting in a Drama Series), the writing keeps everything fresh and fluid, the cinematography is movie caliber, the direction and editing are also spot on.

However, accolades and awards are what this show wins but not what is it about. This show is about telling a story that is in every way fully developed and deliberate with its steady pace.

Walter White is a man who as the series starts; appears to be your typical nerdy science teacher. When pushed to desperation we see him take the road less traveled by and step outside society's rules. We see him go into a dangerous world and go deeper still after seeing its harsh reality. We see this is a man who has some demons of his own. Who, for reasons revealed as the story unfolds, feels like he is not where he should be in life. He played by the rules and feels cheated and now he plans to get what is owed him.

He teams up with Jesse Pinkman. A small time dealer and user who at first teachers Walter the ropes. We see their ambitions rise ever higher and their relationship become wonderfully complex and intricate.

Skylar is Walter's wife who we see go on a roller coaster of emotions as events unfold. From loving wife who is scared for her husband to suspicious wife who starts to notice something is not quite right and more.

Hank is Walter's DEA brother in law who comes off as buffoonish and simple at first but soon we see his many layers underneath the initial glance.

Many other great characters as added as the story goes on and all of them get their time to shine as we get to know them.

What they all have in common is all of them are affected by the choices Walter makes and we see again and again how things slowly get a little worse because of them. This is a story of going into a toxic world and having it contaminate you and the people around you. About how good intentions can lead to bad results. About how a bad environment can bring out those latent emotions of rage, greed and ruthlessness. Most of all though, perhaps it is about asking a simple question.

How long can you stay in that world before it starts to become a part of you? And how long before there is no way out? 

Walter White made his decision and started breaking bad; but is there still a chance he will change his mind and start breaking good? 

This emotional, tense, funny and often unpredictable ride will keep you glued to your seat waiting for that answer.