Completely by coincidence I began watching Breaking Bad, one of my friends posted a random facebook status, where he mentioned how he thought Breaking Bad was "king and season 5 was awesome" 

I knew that the show existed because I continuously saw Bryan Cranston's very intense face on Netflix, but I never took further notice of it, and just went on seeing some other show. But after I saw that post on my timeline, I just gave the show a chance and decided to see the Pilot, which was the least I could do…. And man, was that a turning point, I mean outstandingly amazing Pilot, that just captures and overwhelms you. 

A couple of minutes ago I finished all seasons and 1st half of season 5 which will be the last season. I am literally anxious to see the second 2nd half. Breaking Bad is the most intense, exciting, breathtaking, well-acted/directed TV-show I've ever seen, like really… ever. In the beginning, after I read the plot, I was a little unsure on how they were going to make this show anything but average. But they most certainly could. 

I never heard of Bryan Cranston before Breaking Bad, I later found out that I saw him briefly in 'Argo' but that was it. So I didn't know what I could expect acting wise, I guess I wasn't that quick to appreciate his significant performance throughout the first season, because well, I don't know. But somewhere a long the road of season two, I just became more or less speechless of his stunning talent and so terribly convincing acting. The way Walter White changes through the series made me reflect back on season one where I found him so innocent, and thinking this thing with cooking will pass sometime soon, but of course it didn't Bryan Cranston breaths new life into everything he touch as being Walter White, and this character just gives me a roller- coaster ride. I went from thinking he was innocent and trying to help out his family, to completely have nothing left for him and I have like zero sympathy for him anymore. He is manipulating everything around him, I mean everything, but my mind is really torn on how I want this show to end, I don't really have an opinion, like I believe Vince Gilligan has the best ending in his sleeve ready for us.

Aaron Paul as Jesse Pinkman, was just amazing. I think Aaron Paul is really, really talented and the chemistry between him and Cranston is unquestionably the best I have seen for a while. I loved the character of Jesse from second one, he gives the show the humorous side of it, and his waterfall of talking and phrases is just brilliant. He begins the show like a bit of a around-on- the-floor-type-of-guy, but I mean that he changes into something that he can be proud of, I mean the man got his challenges, who doesn't? But he is the human of the show, or at least he develops into. He is the character who cries the most, I mean red-eyed, tear dropping crying, and who is like affected about all the craziness that is going on: The numerous victims and sacrifices and the feeling of almost getting caught, and always have to get something out of the way, or constantly fighting for your life. His focus goes from being wealthy to not really care about being rich at all, like he has realized what stuff that – indeed - means something. I am really glad, that he didn't get cut off the show. I mean where would it have been without Jesse Pinkman and Aaron Pauls tremendous portrayal of him. 

This is so well-written, and so credible story that just keeps getting stronger season for season. Which I believe is very unique, how many times have I not been sitting back watching a really good series fall apart because it keeps going on for no reason? This does not fall apart. It only gets better, stronger, more intense and more exciting through all seasons. This story could be, it actually could be realistic in some aspects, and this just shows how a life really can hit a turning point that changes you and your surroundings forever, and that is realistic.

The cast, the entire cast is incredible, and the writers, directors, everyone involved in this project have created a legend in form of Walter White, and not to mention that they have created one of the best show the world has seen (according to me of course) I have to mention Aaron Paul again, because he is also a very big reason for this show success. He is just unbelievable good.

I'm excitingly waiting for the last 8 episodes. I'm sad that I have to say goodbye to Jesse and Walter but I guess its for the best. Vince Gilligan has made a masterpiece, that I guarantee will be remembered, and every single award this show has received, every piece of critical acclaim it has received, has been very much deserved. 

Yo, now there's nothing left but to wait