As many of you are aware, my favorite television show on right now is AMC's "Mad Men". Now if I had to choose my second favorite television show at the top of my head, a show that's just as phenomenal from one episode to the next, then that would definitely be AMC's landmark series "Breaking Bad". The reason being is that everything about this show is just perfect. The acting is perfect, the writing is perfect, and the direction is perfect. But most importantly, the characters, their development, and how brilliantly some of them contrast with each other over the course of the series are simply unrivaled. It's one thing to create a series that keeps us wanting to watch every season, but it's a completely different task to make a series where we want to watch literally every single episode. And the latter kind of show is exactly what this show's creator Vince Gilligan has managed to accomplish with "Breaking Bad". 

Our main character is a high school chemistry teacher by the name of Walter White (Bryan Cranston) who has recently been diagnosed with incurable lung cancer. He is trying to figure out a way to provide financial stability for his wife Skylar (Anna Gunn) and his disabled son Walt, Jr. (RJ Mitte) seeing that his current income isn't enough for this expensive cancer treatment. One day when riding along with his DEA agent brother-in-law Hank (Dean Norris), Walt notices a former student of his named Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) escaping the scene of a meth lab. Thinking that they both can help each other out and to pay for his increasing debt, Walt later contacts Jesse and decides he wants him to be his partner in manufacturing and distributing meth. This show basically follows their challenging partnership (marked by dangerous local drug dealers they do business with) and Walt's struggle to keep this alternative lifestyle a secret from his family and Hank (even changing his name to simply 'Heisenberg'). 

I think that the primary ingredient to this show being a masterpiece is the dynamic behind Walt and Jesse's professional relationship. It's not every day you see a normal chemistry teacher, who usually exhibits a certain amount of discipline and authority as you'd expect, willingly team up with a young drug dealer, someone on a completely opposite spectrum from him in almost every way, to make and sell meth to dangerous drug addicts. What makes it such a fascinating relationship is that on one hand, you can figure that Walt is teaming up with Jesse to make money that will take care of his family and cure his cancer. However on the other hand, it is mysterious that of all the things he could do to make more cash on the side, he decides to be involved in a profession that goes against the law and his brother-in-law for that matter. Now why would he being doing this if that was the case? 

Walter White is an intriguing character in the sense that he defies predictability by doing things such as cooking meth for reasons that you wouldn't expect. That might explain why, as revealed in the final season of the series, it's not just the money for his family and operation that he's producing drugs. It may be an obvious statement to make seeing that he's a science teacher, but I truly admire just how smart Walt is. I mean he's smart to the point that it's sort of scary. If you left him in the middle of a desert with an RV that has no battery life left, he'll get that RV working again by making his own batteries with the resources in his possession at the time. If he's nearly on the verge of being caught for his crimes, he'll almost do whatever it takes to save himself at the cost of others. 

Jesse Pinkman is an excellent example of a character that keeps growing on me each and every season. When I first saw him, he made me say to myself, "Yeah, he clearly lives in the slums and has no potential at life." The writers of the show made a smart decision by not only giving him a street-wise personality, but they also incorporate a very human and relatable side to him. Even though he does some things that violate the law which are mostly drug related, Jesse does want to do little noble deeds from time to time. One episode in season 2 where he tries to help a young child get to a new home away from his uncaring, drug- obsessed guardians comes to mind. Jesse also makes a perfect contrast to Walt in that the paths they take as a direct result from this partnership come off as if they've practically switched lives. To talk about what I mean with the last part of that sentence would only delve into spoilers to those who have yet to see this show. And to those who haven't, the hype for this show is legitimate. 

I don't recall another show that's gotten more popular with each season to the point where its audience has doubled in size. It's extraordinary for a television show to accomplish that feat and it's well deserved in this case. I heard that Vince Gilligan hired a college chemistry teacher to check on the show's scientific accuracy and it really pays off here. I appreciate how the writers dumb down complicated science into terms that we all can understand and be intrigued by at the same time. The other characters (particularly Walt's wife Skylar, his brother-in-law Hank, and the villainous drug dealers Walt crosses paths with) are all very strong. The series never seems to run out of ways to create suspenseful and gripping drama for each episode. If you've yet to see this show, I insist that you go watch it now.