First of all, anyone who claims that this show is overrated or not that great or only gives it 1-4 stars either: a) never watched it b)is jealous that it is critically acclaimed more than their favorite show, c)doesn't know art or acting or d)is stupid or e)all of the above. 

That being said, this film, yes film-its not really a TV show since it is moving towards a conclusion from episode 1 and the story arc and acting talent and writing are all more cinematic than television- is not for people who have ADD or can't think. It's not for short attention spans. If you're stupid you won't like it. It's for smart people who know art and filmmaking, which is why it won and was nominated for so many Emmy awards and awards in general. 

It has the highest rating in the guiness book of world records, was lauded by critics, showered with emmies and trophies, and big name superstars like Stephen King, Anthony Hopkins, and many more stand by their praise that it's the "greatest show" they ever seen. 

It actually deserves more than 10/10. It's genius, a masterstroke of art, brilliant, and transcends the medium. Anyone who thinks it's a 1-4 star rating is nuts. Not only is it in many top critics' picks the greatest show of all time, but it has the hardware (Emmies and trophies of all awards) to prove it. The Writers Guild voted it #11 all time on its Best Written Shows list. That's probably not just- it should be in the Top 3, but that's All- Time. 

If you don't appreciate Breaking Bad, you don't know movies, acting, art, and you can't be very intelligent. It's mind blowingly great filmmaking and definitely is an All American Classic for the Ages. 

If you never saw it, be patient. It starts slow, especially the middle of season 2 and some of the beginning of 3, but if you can stay in there and not read the spoilers, I guarantee you this will be the greatest thing you ever experienced on a screen- greater than any movie you ever saw. A classic masterpiece hands down, bar none. 20/10. "Greatest Show of All Time." Guaranteed. And best acting performances of the past 50 years.