Without a doubt in my mind, this is the greatest television drama series ever created! I can now officially say that after finally watching the 62nd and final episode of the series, although I have already been saying it ever-since I started watching the series! There are two people that I can thank for getting me hooked on Breaking Bad, the amazing director Peter Jackson and my Dad. I started watching Breaking Bad in late 2011 when it was playing about halfway through it's second season on the only Irish television channel that plays it "TG4". It was a Thursday night and there was nothing on t.v that I could say was worth watching. My Dad had the remote and was flicking through channels over and over again until he stopped for a minute on what looked like just another one of your usual American crime dramas involving drug dealers and cops. I thought that for only a second until the opening titles "Breaking Bad" appeared, at which point the t.v now had my full attention. I suddenly became interested in it not because I had heard of it's critical acclaim or award nominations, I had heard nothing of this show other than a brief mention of "..great t.v dramas like Breaking Bad..." from one of my favourite directors Peter Jackson in some interview online. With Jackson's mention of the show in mind, I decided to sit and watch the episode to give it a try. Thank God I did that! Even though I was a bit lost in the plot as I watched, I still got the general idea of it from just watching that one episode, but it was not so much the plot that first grabbed my attention as much as it was the fabulous acting and interesting characters of the show, as well as the almost Coen Brothers and Tarantino reminiscent writing and directing. These were Breaking Bad's key features that got me instantly hooked and filled me with hunger for more! I followed the rest of the second season before going back to catch up on the first season and episodes I missed in season two. After that I waited for season three and watched on from there. It was only moments ago that I finished watching the final episode of the final season of the greatest television show ever and I could not be happier with the ending! Genius Vince Gilligan came up with the perfect ending to the perfect show! Breaking Bad is a "Television Masterpiece", full of amazing writing, directing and outstanding acting! I could never recommend any t.v shows to anyone without highly recommending this one! Thank you Vince Gilligan and all the cast and crew of Breaking Bad for making t.v a hell of a ride since 2008!