Once in awhile a show comes along so daring and original that everyone talks about it. Breaking Bad is that show. I have followed many television shows, and none of them have even come close to attempting what Breaking Bad's creator Vince Gilligan's sick, twisted, genius mind has come up with. Now that the show is over, I can't even think of another one that could fill the void that Breaking Bad has left in my heart. 

Walter White (Bryan Cranston) works two jobs as a chemistry teacher at a high school in Albuquerque, New Mexico and at a Car Wash. Walter soon finds out that he is dying of lung cancer. With this new information, knowing his family can't survive without him, Walt schemes up a plan to cook some of the most purist meth ever, just by using basic chemistry. Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) is one of Mr. White's former students, who is now a local drug dealer. Mr. White enlist the help of Pinkman and from there Breaking Bad takes its audience on one of the most insanely twisted, brilliant and satisfying rides that I have ever experienced.

Bryan Cranston is no doubt the top actor on television, and one of the tops for film. Having seen Cranston's comedic skills in Malcolm in the Middle, and not really seeing him in anything else besides a Disney Channel Original Movie. Seeing him break away from all that, and have a real chance to do character work, and from the first episode of Bad you know that Cranston is going to shine, and you know you're witnessing something rare, you don't want to look away. While filming the first episode, creator Vince Gilligan had originally intended to kill off the character of Jesse Pinkman, but seeing how Aaron Paul and Bryan Cranston had a unique type of chemistry, he decided to keep Jesse in the show, and its a good thing they didn't, because its their love/hate relationship that fuels the show. This was Aaron Paul's first big gig, he had done a few commercials and supporting roles, but Paul fully created the character of Jesse Pinkman, no one else could have done it, that goes for Bryan Cranston too. You can see Paul's progress as an actor through out the seasons, expertly nailing every cry and whimper. Aaron Paul eases into his character as episodes go on, so many traumatic incidence happen to Jesse you can't help but feel bad. Aaron Paul and Bryan Cranston had the best chemistry on television.

Not only does Breaking Bad have the best leading cast, they also have the best supporting cast from Dean Norris playing DEA Agent Hank Schrader, Walts brother-in-law. Norris has some of the best character development ever written for a cop or federal agent in television. Then we get the crooked lawyer, Saul Goodman played by the one and only Bob Odenkirk. Odenkirk is absolutely supreme as Goodman, he adds a nice amount of funny, sleazy, awkward charm to the character. Jonathan Banks also adds his straight-faced, dull-witted appeal to Mike Ehrmantraut, that quite remarkable becomes some of the shows more memorable moments. Anna Gunn is Skyler White who I personally grew to have a love/hate relationship with. Skyler's constant complaining, and is always questioning Walt, but then again thats what wives are for. But Gunn does a fantastic job of making Mrs. White a believable character. Then for her sister Marie Schrader (Betsy Brandt), Hanks wife. Marie is probably the most annoying character in the show. Her constant nagging and thinking that she is better then everyone gets on my nerves. But there are people like that, and Betsy Brandt is perfect in that role. Did anyone else catch Marie's obsession with the color purple? RJ Mitte was also a terrific edition to the cast as Walt's son, Walter Jr. or better known as Flynn. Mitte has a slight case of cerebral palsy but its no where near the extent of what his character has. Mitte stated that he had to learn to walk with crutches and to slow down his speech pattern. All the more props to him. Just all around a brilliant and fantastic cast. 

Vince Gilligan is a mad genius. Enough said. I am extremely jealous of Gilligan for being the skillful mastermind behind Breaking Bad. Every season gets better and better but i must say that season 2 is by far my favorite. The last few episodes of season 2 are masterfully written and executed. Everything with the destroyed pink teddy bear, haunts and inspires me. I give Breaking Bad a 10 out of 10.