With all the TV I have watched in my lifetime, this one show is my favorite of all time. It has everything: great acting, great writing, it's exciting and intelligent. There is not a single wasted moment, not a single predictable lazy/clichéd storyline in the entire show.

When I first started watching, I must admit I was turned off. The show seemed dark, depressing and bleak. I mean come on... some boring middle-aged white dude working two jobs, putting up with his bitchy wife, a special-needs son, AND cancer? But as the plot goes on, it's soon becomes quite inspiring. What it all comes down to is that this is a story about an emasculated, downtrodden man who finds his mojo. The cancer is his wake-up call; Facing death in the face, he finally begins to embrace life. Watching the transformation is a joy to behold.

Now, I am sure many would protest how I have characterized the show here. It is typical for Walt's character development to be described as as a downward spiral into evil, selfishness, and narcissism. And he does indeed have moments, particularly in the last seasons, where he seems to have hit the moral rock bottom. But I think when you go out and live life to fullest, you have to accept that sometimes you are going to make mistakes, sometimes you'll have to be the bad guy.

In any case, you don't have to like Walt's character to like the show. In this show there are no heroes, definitely some villains, but no heroes. In many stories there is often a trade-off between action and character development; either you have a slow plodding show with great 3-dimensional characters, or an action-packed explosion-fest with little character development or nuance in the direction. But this show has it all; Every single episode has such tight cinematography, excellent dialogue and characterizations, every episode makes you hungry to see the next one and see what happens next. The way the plot unfolds with its ups and downs, exciting moments and slow moments, is PERFECT.

I'm not going to go through every character, they all did a great job, but I have to single out Aaron Paul, who plays Jesse. I think he stands out as the greatest acting performance of the show. His youthful, bright-eyed character is the heart and soul of the show, and he could not have done acted it better.

So anyway, if you haven't seen this show yet, I envy you, because you get to see it for the first time and I can't again. I supposed someone might not like the show if they are particularly squeamish about drugs or violence, but even if you are you might like the show anyway.