This is and will always be a great premise. Older guy who has nothing to lose starts kicking some seriously bad butt. Over the past few years there has been some really great examples of this. Gran Torino with Clint Eastwood, is for me, Clint's best work to date and will be a hard one to beat. Harry Brown with Michael Caine could be classed as the British version and is every bit as good. There is just something about watching a man maybe past his time in society come back and show everyone they are a force to be reckoned with. A man with nothing to lose is certainly a huge part of what makes up Breaking Bad.

Walter White is a high school chemistry teacher who could of been so much more. The man is a chemistry genius and has had chances throughout his life to really make something of his career, but alas life got in the way. He is happily married with a 16 year old son, who has cerebral palsy but doesn't let it bother him, and a baby on the way. The premise of the show is that Walt is diagnosed with lung cancer and it may be terminal. He needs to go through chemo and radiation which his insurance will not cover. Walt needs to A) find money for the treatments and B) find a way to be able to provide for his family when he is gone. By chance, Walt stumbles upon the methamphetamine world. Producing crystal meth is basically good old fashioned chemistry, something Walt lives and breathes.

There are a few concerns for Walt. Obviously he can't tell his wife or son what he is doing. They would flip. But he has to somehow come up with stories of where the money is coming from. Also, Walts brother in law is a DEA Agent whose primary job is the fight against the methamphetamine world in which Walt has just immersed himself in. Jessie, Walts new found partner in crime, is a young junkie, dealer who doesn't know as much as Walt would of first assumed. But the major concern for Walt is his fight against himself. The fight not to become a criminal, the battle not to become bad.

Walt is played by Bryan Cranston. If you've seen Drive with Ryan Gosling, Bryan Cranston is his mechanic boss with a limp, who seems to always get himself in trouble with the wrong people. Cranston is ridiculously good in this and plays the role to perfection. The ups and downs, decisions and desperations he has to go through would be a mean feat for any actor. Jesse is played by Aaron Paul, who as the episodes and seasons go on, certainly equals Cranston's ability in the acting arena. Everyone in the series is very well cast and does a wonderful job in their part of the story.

Breaking Bad is very well directed but it's the writing that is so wonderfully entertaining. The series has brilliantly thought out highs and lows and the story retains a very real feel, which considering some of the occurrences is genius. There is also quite a bit of humour thrown in which at times is totally hilarious and lightens the mood ever so slightly. Watch out for Saul Goodman.

I had been told a few times by friends that this series was very good, but it took me a long time to get around to it. I picked up for first season only 3 weeks ago and have now finished all four. I have been completely engrossed in this show and over the past 3 weeks have really wanted to watch nothing else. filmnotion.com