Walter White (Bryan Cranston) is a high school chemistry teacher who seems trapped in his own life. He works part-time at a car wash and worries about money. His wife is pregnant and his son has cerebral palsy. In the midst of all this he is diagnosed with terminal lung cancer.

Seeing as he hasn't amounted to much in life Walter wants to leave something behind. He's looking for easy cash. By chance he meets up with a former student. The student is now a drug dealer, real name Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul), who goes by the street name "Captain Cook". Walter, who was once a genius chemist, produces some of the best methamphetamine Jesse have ever tried and he starts to push it.

Walter, who already had to deal with his cancer, now also has to deal with his new life as a criminal and a world that might be too much for him to handle. He's also struggling to avoid to catch the suspicion of his brother-in-law Hank who is a D.E.A agent.

Personally, I love the set-up, and the theme. Drug romanticizing and criminal shows always have some moral ambiguity and as such, with very little spoiling, Walter is forced to do bad things. It's intriguing to see a show that doesn't push these things to the edge nor does it ignore them blatantly. Walter displays a gradual and small change. Not overwhelming development from scene to scene as in other TV shows. He also reacts and show disgust for gruesome acts of violence instead of the regular indifference or even reveling in it as we're so used to see in other shows. But it still affects him. And that is another thing I like about this show. Walter has a conscience. But each of his morally ambiguous choices push him closer and closer to the edge. Which raises another point of interest in the show: Will his family tolerate the person he's becoming and will they stick around? 

Bryan Cranston has created a very living character with his portrayal of Walter White. Not putting down everyone else's performance for that matter. Even the more apparently superficial characters such as Jesse and Hank have a lot of subtle nuances to them. It's a refreshing contrast to the otherwise exaggerated and stereotypical Hollywood characters who can be summarized in two or three words.

As far as inspirational sources goes the theme of a making the character a bad guy is recognizable from Dexter or The Shield. Breaking Bad however is not as fast-paced as the later (although seasons 2 does crank up the speed) and not as vivid as the former. Not saying that it's not inspirational but Breaking Bad, so far, seems to reward the patient. If this had been CSI: Miami they would probably have told this story in one episode but lacking the great photography, excellent acting and hilarious black comedy.

If you're looking for a show that will grow on you and with refreshing ideas and character development, look no further, Breaking Bad is here.