It's not very often that I stump up a maximum for a TV Show or Movie on this site, yet every once in a while, sometimes unexpectedly you can come across something that is engrossing from start to finish. 

It's strange to think that a programme as dark and unpredictable as Breaking Bad can bring such joy over the course of an hour, but with the truly excellent storyline and script handed to Bryan Cranston, Aaron Paul ET AL by Vince Gilligan has really set the standard as to how shows like this should be done. 

Everyone probably knows about the situation from the start of season 01, so i won't bore you with another break down of the goings on. What I personally loved right from the off was the fact that there seemed to be a finality to the series where it sets out a 'POSSIBLE' ending for the lead character; and because of this situation, the metamorphosis of Walter White from genius chemist and family man, to morally ambiguous, and threatening demeanour that he develops throughout the course of the series utterly encapsulates you when watching. 

With that said, everyone's eyes should be following Walter's side-kick in Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul), in some ways, when Walter does a nasty action, Jesse is always there to question the decisions made and acts as a sort of conscience. The development of their relationship defines the success of this programme and it is amazing to think that Aaron Paul's character was only initially slated for one series. By far and away the best decision the series made was keeping the two of them together. 

With that, it must be said that together, Aaron Paul and Bryan Cranston are the two most talented individuals on TV today, and people should really learn from them when dealing with a dark and twisted series such as this.

I for one cannot begin to recommend this programme more highly to anyone looking for a consistently witty, disturbing, tear jerking and visually stunning and relentless series that has maintained the highest possible standards to delight myself and fans over the last 5 seasons. I just hope I get the chance to buy this on Blu-Ray (in the UK - none so far and it's 2012!) so that i can further appreciate the vast array of visual artistry, isolation and spot on settings to enjoy for many years to come! - Thank you Vince Gilligan for making a truly brilliant show, and I for one will be very sad when the show finally comes to an end in 2013!