Most of our Critics here possibly have been around 1 or 2 of these characters in real life.. for whatever reasons who knows.. I would think some of you have and then again maybe not. I have... and to say this story doesn't draw you in because of that fact of knowing some Meth. addicts would be lying!! If by chance you have known anybody or been around anybody that struggles with this terrible addiction then maybe you can relate to the series. If you haven't then you'll get a good lesson on the in's and out's of what this "fictional in a lot of ways" story is about. I think everybody evolved in creating this series should be given credit for creating a very believable character that being Walter White has been screwed around by a lot of so called friends and why should today be any different then the next for him who just cares about his Family... and they just care about getting by on a day to day basis... kinda like we all try to do if we can.... and we're all trying to survive life the best we can right? Well we try each and every day to deal with life's addictions... and for Walter White the only addiction he has is the love of his Family and keeping them happy and safe... so he thinks at least until his life takes an unexpected turn. So we live each day the best we can....it don't always work out that way for some reason though does it... especially for Walter White anyway. Sorry just ranting here... anyway.. Great directing!!... and for sure some of the best acting I've seen by all the cast members.. and when I say all... I mean all of the them regardless of their small roles or large. Simply a great job of television work on all the episodes and the phenomenal way of drawing you in at the end of each show is unprecedented. Thank you for all 5 seasons.... it was educational and very entertaining and has a place in my Family's lives right now... and some of the people we know and love!! Thank you Vince Gilligan and all the other people involved and I mean all of you.... you just may have possibly saved some lives from this terrible drug.. possibly... let's hope so... Hail the King!!