This may include spoilers. 

Many people would consider a television series just a television series. But this one can also be a cultural reflection: why not to compare it to a trip to the cinema or the theater? Not wanting to disrespect to any of these art forms but I think this has much more potential than just entertainment.

Breaking Bad ended on the first of October and I would like to talk about all 62 episodes in general also as a kind of homage .

It tells us about a professor of chemistry that despite his vast knowledge and capabilities decided to teach in a public school . During several years teaching , he had to get two jobs to support his family and for the worst of their sins it was discovered lung cancer . The odds of survival are not many and sustain a child with cerebral palsy and a baby daughter on the way is not easy . So his family meets a former student and begin producing and selling methamphetamine .

Basically this is the main story and of course will have its share of entertainment with (excellent)violence scenes and bad language to the mix but it is still a piece of art . Amazing Cinematography by the way. Not all of us can make the audience connect to a character so charismatic and intense that despite killing , torture and destroying people we continue to root for it until the end. Walter and Jesse two fantastic characters that make us think differently about a criminal and the reasons that lead them to act. Breaking Bad changes our way of thinking but it does not mean that we do not hold the screen or sometimes even make our hearts beating faster.

It made me wonder how bad people just like corrupts , thieves , murderers , drug dealers and so on may become "the bad guy". Can we be who caused this situation? And to what extent we ourselves are similar to them in their actions ? Was it because they didn't had our luck ? In a way these actions are justified because happiness should be something to everyone and not privileged .

And besides all this, made ​​me realize why Walter had done it for him and not for his family or money . In his words "It made ​​me feel alive" , is not that what most of us hopes in our lives? After all this is a love story between Walter and the his meth, how pride swallow him. We do not need to be happy and do illegalities like Walter but we must do what is within our reach to feel a bit more alive. What makes us feel alive is what defines us and may even be a book that makes us feel alive, it doesn't need to be an experiment with a lot of adrenaline and excitement. But why is it worth to be so rich when nothing interests us , nothing pleases us ... we are not happy.

But believe in one thing: this series can make us chase dreams that we would have not invested or may just be time well spent but it makes us realize that it is not necessary to be born in a slum to be a criminal. And do not say that it is something that is born with us: We can all Break Bad .