Breaking Bad is truly something else. In many ways, it feels Shakespearean in scope and sweep. It has traces of a comedy in its first season, although an abundantly black one at that. But by the final season, it's undeniably a tragedy; all the meanwhile, proving to be an epic. Vince Gilligan created a rich, vibrant, fictional world in the all too real Albuquerque. Due to the outstanding writing and acting, and the direction that continually breathed life into the visually lavish geography of its setting, Gilligan sold Breaking Bad to the audience. Even when the had a slightly more heightened sense of reality, it felt very realistic in context.

Casting Bryan Cranston in the lead role is one of the best casting choices of all time. Aaron Paul's Jesse Pinkman at the beginning showcased great acting although not on Cranston's level, but with each subsequent season, began to rival him. Anna Gunn is one of the most underrated actresses working in the industry. Dean Norris, Betsy Brandt, RJ Mitte all add to a truly amazing cast. Then later on, Bob Odenkirk, Jonathan Banks, Giancarlo Esposito, Jesse Plemons and Laura Fraser join the main cast, and they continue the tradition of brilliant actors playing astounding characters.

The direction on Breaking Bad has changed the standard on how television should be made. From the slick, beautiful cinematography, to (as mentioned earlier) the way New Mexico is incorporated like a character or entity in and of itself, to the realistic and cinematic lighting, Breaking Bad is outstanding behind the camera just as much as it is in front of it. After viewing all sixty two episodes, I can honestly say the writing is where Breaking Bad is most strong. The way the characters develop over the course of Breaking Bad's five seasons is absolutely perfect. The story itself, with all the plots and characters intertwining, just fall into place so well. 

Characters are where many texts can get problematic, whether due to poor characterisation, or just being unlikable with no redeeming characteristics. Breaking Bad avoids this problem, creating and developing some of the best written characters of all time. Almost every character is unlikable to some extent, and by the shows end, they all deserve what they get. However, their shortcomings and limitations make them all the more absorbing and fascinating. There are no heroes or villains, just flawed people that do bad things (to varying degrees) for a mostly positive goal. The complexities of each character, whether major or minor, are worthy of an inquisitive analysis, due to the richness of their psyches and personalities. 

All this is not to say Breaking Bad is 100% perfect. Like almost anything, the show is still a little bit flawed. Breaking Bad's weakest moment was also one of the most game changing over the course of its run: the infamous 'place crash'. The plane crash highlights many of the programs strengths- the acting, the unique and innovative direction, the cinematography etc- but also succumbs to its greatest weakness- realism vs heightened realism. The plane crash is an amazing scene, and has a whole season building up it, but it feels quite out of place. Nothing after the plane crash quite equalled its extremeness in terms of Walt's destruction. Due to the shows strengths, it makes the very best out of the situation, but it certainly stood out for not all the right reasons. The only other time that Breaking Bad's heightened reality was more striking was in its series final. It felt rather contrived and forced, but once again due to the shows strengths it wasn't bad in anyway, just imperfect. 

Overall, Breaking Bad is a masterpiece. Time and time again it proved that it was playing on an entirely different field to everyone else. It isn't a perfect show, yet it feels like one. The heightened reality isn't a problem anyway, its more of a nitpick. The plane crash feels very realistic in context, it only becomes a problem if you think about it too much, which is the same for many movies and TV shows. Breaking Bad is a depressing and cruel show that is veiled by explosive action and moment-to-moment tension. It unfolds on screen like a magnum opus novel by some great author. It's one of the greatest television shows of all time.

Rating: 5 / 5