"We're done when I say we're done!"

I probably haven't been hooked to a TV show like I have to Breaking Bad before. I personally admire the fact that the show pulls no punches. I find myself pausing at the fact that I am so intrigued by this hard core street wise program, more than any of the other big name series. This one really hits home and gives a true behind the scenes look at what most would consider the bad guys. I'm not condoning the contents of the story, and I don't think the show is either, there is no glamor in what these boys are doing, but it's giving an insight to the darker side of many streets.

Breaking Bad serves as a revelation, it's like watching a butterfly emerge from a chrysalis, Bryan Cranston delivers a heart-breaking performance as Walter White, an over-qualified chemistry teacher who discovers that he has cancer. This discovery completely changes his perspective on life, the realization that his mediocre life could soon be over and he has little to show for it triggers a change in life that simply leads from one amazing drama to the next.

Crystal meth is not something taken lightly in any drama, the show tackles these issues admirably by showing the ups and downs of dealing, the unsavory characters who Walter meets along his journey. What makes this show different is that it doesn't glamorize drugs; it does show what a human being is capable of put into various characters who Walt meets along his journey. What makes this show different is that it doesn't glamorize drugs, it does show what a human being is capable of put into various circumstances.

The atmosphere of the show is intense, epitomized by the brutal heat of Albequerque in which the characters often find themselves. The suspense and tension throughout is nerve wrecking. And then there are the shocks. The scream out loud moments.

The acting is what is really glorifying from every character. That being said Aaron Paul is magnificent, in fact it was decided not to kill off the character on the strength of his performance. He's a no-nonsense guy who does drugs and then tries to go clean; he falls in love; he cares about children - he must run the gamut of emotions in the series' five years. His relationship with Walt is sometimes compatible, sometimes antagonist, sometimes dangerous, and often frightening. Aaron is the good guy who does illegal things, but doesn't have Walt's mean streak.

The direction and writing in the show are top-notch and one is really surprised by how much you care and are involved by the characters. The cinematography is of the quality of an Oscar- winning film, as is the editing and the other technical aspects of the show.

Bryan Cranston's transformation is one riveting and absorbing performance as he moves towards the dark side, believable on both ends. As his drug whacked assistant follows suit while creator Vince Gilligan over the first four and a half seasons keeps a tight grip on storyline by introducing a series of intriguing and comic characters pertinent to the telling, keeping it buoyant and suspenseful with some powerful twists.

The creator, writers, directors and actors have paid attention to every single detail, putting thought into every nuance in every character in every scene. Because of this attention to detail there is something of everyone in this show. Every thinking brain will immediately be attracted to the intelligence so evidently on display, that even if you're not a drug dealing chemist in Albuquerque, you will find something in the characters that connects you to them and makes you hang on for dear life.

This is without a doubt one of the best shows out on television, it's great for any thrill-seekers that envy a good suspense and a terrific show. Some people are put off by the subject matter of this show but that should not put you off if you don't watch the show, you are missing out greatly. For these reasons Breaking Bad gets a 10/10.