When evaluating a show you must first establish the criteria that you are basing it upon, for Breaking Bad, those criteria are characters that you develop an emotional attachment to and are generally concerned for their well being, secondly the story has to hook you in and makes you want to watch the show. From the very beginning of the show the story line hooks you in when Walter White, the main character who is played by Bryan Cranston, is diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. Walter has a wife who is pregnant and a son; he is a high school chemistry teacher who also works part time at the local car wash. The story progresses at a fast pace but not fast enough where following along is hard, it details his life and how he comes to be able to afford the chemotherapy that he badly needs to save his life. Walter begins to cook methamphetamine with a local drug dealer, Jesse Pinkman, who was also a former student of his. Jesse and Walt are very different people, for Jesse this is his life style for Walt this is a get rich quick scheme to pay for cancer treatment. The interactions between Jesse and Walt are often comical and lay the foundation for a partnership between the two, Jesse the veteran drug dealer who knows the ins and outs of selling drugs in the city and Walt the chemistry genius in charge of cooking the meth. The writers do a great job at getting you emotionally attached to both Walter and Jesse, you want them to succeed and you want Walter to get his chemotherapy treatments. Walter's wife Skylar is another reason why you become attached to Walter, he has a happy family with another child on the way, and she is kept completely in the dark as to how the chemo is being paid for. But just having a good cast is not enough for a TV show to be great, the story they are telling you is equally as important, if the story is boring and uneventful there is no reason to watch.

The story from episode one is thrilling and it emerges you into the world of Breaking Bad. When Walters's brother-in-law is introduced, he is a DEA agent about to raid a suspected meth lab and Walter goes with as a ride along. Walter catches Jesse slipping out of the window of the next door neighbor's house but doesn't say anything; because he is already scheming about possible going into business with Jesse. Once you think you have a firm grasp of the direction that the story is heading, the writers introduce a new element that completely sends the story in another route. A good example of how the writers do this is when Walter and Jesse were on one of their first cooks, in the middle of the Arizona desert in their mobile cook station inside of an RV. Walter crashes the RV into a sand dune, in the background you faintly hear sirens coming closer and closer to where Walter had crashed. As the sirens crescendo, you begin to think how can they get away from the police? At this point Walter has pistol to his head ready to end it, as he pulls the trigger it clicks, the gun was still on safe. He does not even know how to work a gun. As the camera pans to the sound of the sirens it is a fire engine, not a police car, racing to put a brush fire out in the desert. That crisis has been adverted and you really are starting to become hooked on this show, it is exciting and keeps you sitting on the edge of your seat for the whole hour you are watching. With the combination of a cast that you are emotionally attached to and a story line that makes you want to feel attached to the cast and a story that is both entertaining and enthralling Breaking Bad is the best show on television.