I'll start off this review by saying that I quite frankly, don't watch a whole lot of T.V. I've watched some shows, namely E.R, The Office, 30 Rock, and when I can rent them on DVD I find a good HBO series a good watch. That being said, this is the best T.V series I have watched. It feels almost like a friend, and Walter White is a character that I wish he was real so I could smack him out of the path he is going down.

Bryan Cranston is the heart of this show, and his Emmy award was well earned. (for a snapshot, watch the family meeting on Episode 5-Gray Matter, some of the best acting I've personally had the pleasure of watching) He plays Walter White, a nerdy, withdrawn, depressed 50 year old overqualified High School chemistry teacher who's only real passion seems to show when he is talking science in the classroom. Walt just basically seems to amble on through an incredibly average middle class existence (Average except for his controlling wife and Cerebal-Palsy stricken son). He is disrespected by his students, his boss at his second job, and belittled and made fun of by his boisterous brother in law Hank. Walt is the ordinary, everyman hero. He struggles to make ends meet, and looks back at the past with a "what if" mentality. He is at first a sweet, lovable guy you just want to give a hug too, but he changes in disturbing ways as he "breaks bad" Everything changes for Walt when he is given a devastating diagnosis, stage 3A lung cancer, and at best two years to live. This seems to throw Walt into a deeper depression (a scene where he sits at his pool throwing matches in comes to mind) but what it really does, is wake him up. He proceeds to team with a former student (played by Aaron Paul) Jesse Pinkmann, who is also a complicated character, much more so then at first glance. To cook crystal meth, for the simple purpose of making sure his family is taken care of when he dies. The relationship between Jesse and "Mr.White" as he calls him is an interesting one, it is a combination of an odd couple and a father-son thing. The two actors work brilliantly off each other in the scenes the two share, and give some memorable lines.

Cranston plays this character masterfully, he completely becomes the character, from his beige, bland wardrobe, to the way Cranston uses every aspect of his being, his facial gestures, his eyes, his hands, and last but not least, his speech to convey his characters anguish, depression, regret, but also his huge heart and "working class hero" kind of life. Walt is in my opinion very identifiable for most of us, and very likable, but his decisions aren't, and there lies the main conflict in the show. It is a conflict in the viewer, a caring for the character after seeing what he was, and hope that he doesn't fundamentally change the good man that he was in his quest to in many ways "Break Even" with life