First up I have to say that I was a late to the party. Series 3 was complete before I decided to sit down to see what all the fuss was about, but in many ways, I'm glad I waited. Two weeks later I was done and could barley wait for the next season. For those of you out there who watched weekly from the beginning, I don't know how you managed to stand the waiting.

Breaking Bad is definitely the most brilliant shows to ever air on television. A critical and commercial success from the get go. Breaking Bad follows a underachieving chemistry teacher, Walter White as he is diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer decides to start cooking Metamfetamin to pay for the cost of his own death, but eventually finds himself in descends into a world of darkness sitting a top the criminal hierarchy as the apex predator of New Mexico's drug community. Is Walt a bad guy then or is he a good guy? Is he an antihero then? Not really, I wouldn't say he was particularly heroic at all. Then what is he? He's possibly the most complex, most human, most inspirational yet most cautionary character that might have ever graces the small screen. Bryan Cranston plays the lead character in his finest roles to date, his ability to transition from Walter White to Heisenberg is fascinating and convincing. I would go as far as to say that this is the best performance i have ever seen in both TV and movies. Even sir Anthony Hopkins agrees and you can't argue with Hannibal Lector. 

I've heard people say they're not into Breaking Bad because it's too slow. Breaking Bad is slow because it takes it's time. It takes it's time to establish it's concepts, it's themes and most importantly, it's many supporting characters. But then every now and again, a sudden and unexpected act of extreme violence. Made all the better by how limited it is, how little of it happens. It's not an all-out gore fest, which desensitizes us past caring. Breaking Bad's carnage is fully earned. Death is dealt only when death is necessary. 

You can do what you like with a TV show, or any scripted medium for that matter; you can throw millions at the effects, secure the finest actors and visit the most incredible locations, but if the script is sh**it the audience will smell it. That's why Breaking Bad is so phenomenal, despite everything – it's effects, it's performances, it's locations – it's the superior scripting that makes it contender for the top. The writers of the show definitely know what they're doing, using all the supporting characters to the maximum, especially Skyler White (played by Anna Gunn) and Jesse Pinkman (played by Aaron Paul). 

As this landmark show came to a bittersweet end, the show as of now remains the greatest drama series of all time. Now, many people consider Game Of Thrones, The Sopranos, The Wire and Mad Men the greatest shows of all time. Granted they're all brilliant shows in their own right. But the cast and crew behind Breaking Bad have not only created waves in television, they have most definitely redefined the genre. Vince Gilligan created such an interesting, engaging and absolutely unpredictable show that you just can't help but be drawn into it's dark and tense atmosphere.