"Vince Gilligan's" show Breaking Bad at first seemed far fetched, a high school chemistry teacher who begins cooking meth once he gets lung cancer. However, through jaw dropping plot twists, his enticing character development, unique story layout, and special effects he gets viewers to keep asking for more. The basis of the show is about Walter White, a chemistry teacher who is having a hard time working two jobs, dealing with a disabled son with another baby on the way, and has lung cancer. With the whole world seemingly crashing down on him you watch this once, regular father "Break Bad", and become evil in order to in his eyes "help his family."

The layout of the show is very unique, and is one of the ways Vince Gilligan is able to keep his viewers guessing. Throughout the show there are series of flash forwards where you will see a glimpse of the future scenes. This technique is perfectly executed, and makes viewers try to piece together what is going to happen in the show. Although at the same time it does not spoil anything or allow viewers to know the future. An example of this technique being used is displayed right in the beginning of the first episode, where it shows the main character getting into a car accident in the middle of the desert with people lying dead in his van. The scene instantly grabs the viewers attention, and once they are brought back in time before the scene they want to watch to see how the show will get back to that scene. Another enjoyable feature to the show is that the past of the show is very important to know, and is referred to constantly. Though this may not seem like a big deal there are many shows that try and allow new watchers be able to pick up quickly. In Breaking Bad they make all of the time on the show important, and is not just filler so you need to watch from the beginning.

In television shows the plot does not always hold a great significance though in Breaking Bad it is the backbone to why most people continue to watch. Vince Gilligan, and the other producers make sure by the end of each episode you are wanting more, and just waiting for next the next episode to air. Every episode seems to have a new twist, and a new reason to keep watching, although at the same time the storyline still adds up, and does not become bizarre or make you lose interest. In Breaking Bad, Vince Gilligan is not afraid to kill of important characters which always leaves you in suspense as to what will happen next. 

Characters on a television show are the main part to a show, and if you can't get your viewers to enjoy watching them then your show will fail. On Breaking Bad lead actor Bryan Cranston "Walter White", and partner in crime Aaron Paul "Jesse Pinkman" are great together. Watching these two go through this roller coaster of a show is just fun to watch. This has led to both of these actors into well deservingly winning, and being nominated for multiple Emmys. Breaking Bad takes advantage of all of its air time, and really develops all of its characters so you are able to relate to each one. Even though by the end of the show there are plenty of characters, each one has their own personality, and you really get to know everyone. This is another way Breaking Bad is able to create so many dramatic scenes because even if something happens to a side character it is still very important.

Special effects are a normal in movies, and shows in this time period which can add an extra depth, to the experience of watching the film. Although in many action filled movies or shows they become overused, and end up dumbing down a film. In Breaking Bad there are an appropriate amount of "special effect" filled scenes which adds another wow factor to the show. An example, was when Walter White, went to a drug dealers hide out an in order to seek revenge for his partner, ended up blowing up the building which really ended the season in a "bang". 

Breaking Bad is a drama, thriller which is not intended to carry out pedagogic purpose although when reflecting on the show it does carry out a strong message. Seeing Walter White the main character fight so hard to provide a good life for his family. Then see his life change even more for the worst once he goes down a bad path shows that doing any similar illegal activities is never worth it. Also throughout the series it depicts pretty realistic scenarios of what peoples life are like that are druggies. A memorable example from the show was when Walter was looking to find his partner "Jesse" and he walked through a meth house. Seeing all of the people just strung out on drugs did not really give off a good message of what it is like to meth or any similar drugs. 

Watching Breaking Bad has been quite an experience watching, and in a few weeks the show will be over at its fifth season. If you are interested in a show that will attach you, and at the same time constantly leave you hanging, not knowing what to expect, then Breaking Bad is for you. The acting in this series will have you thinking that everyone in the show Is real, and you are just watching the best reality television show ever. Vince Gilligan will now always have a problem when releasing any future work, as it will be compared to Breaking Bad, which seems impossible to match.