Breaking Bad is honestly one of a kind. I have never in my life seen a programme so incredible, after a few episodes you will be hooked. Like most people who have seen the 5 series Thriller, I finished all five in around 10 days or so. The Series is just so unique and original, it is remarkable how a show about a Meth-Dealing Cancer patient can impact someones life so much, the show is entertaining, comical, but yet can also teach the audience lessons on empathy, the overall five seasons focus on the downfall of Walt, how he begins as the lovable friendly family man who is severely overqualified for his work, and doesn't have much to show for his life, he uses his wasted intelligence in a get rich quick scheme, hoping to leave plenty of money for his children before his inevitable demise. The irony of the show is unbelievable, Walt on his pursuit to become the ultimate Drug-Lord, spends much of his time with his DEA brother-in-law, who is surprisingly oblivious that Walter could be involved in the case which he has spent the best years of his career chasing. Hank does come close on some occasions to exposing Walt, but Walt risks his life many times to keep his Drug Kingpin alter-ego hidden. Vince Gilligan is a phenomenal writer, and each episode appears to be even better then the previous, it takes a literary genius to leave almost every episode on a cliffhanger, making you crave more episodes. At the mid-season break in season 4, Gilligan even makes it seem like Walter could actually get away with the last year of his life, in which his drastic downfall occurs, the pushing-away of his wife, Skylar, as well as his cerebral palsy suffering son, Junior. The irony of how Hank realizes Walter is the 'Heisenberg' who he has been hunting for years, makes the audience sit on the edge of their seat, gagging for the next episode to come. Breaking bad is original, unique in it's time and honestly, one in a million. Even in the finale, it is amazing how the audience still has much empathy for Walt, despite his inner demons overtaking his good- nature.