I first stumbled onto Breaking Bad back in 2008 when it was about to be released after hearing about the show on a commercial on a local TV-channel. The plot seemed interesting enough so i benched myself in front of the TV casually watching the first episode, and i'll admit it, after watching the first two episodes i was hooked.

The plot appeals to me since i greatly enjoy crime/drama, especially with suspense. However, what i never could have imagined (and probably not Vince Gilligan neither) was how big this show has gotten and what it has grown into. I followed it from start to finish and over the course of these five years the drama has increased tenfolds, amassed an enormous viewer base and it's now nominated for one of the best written TV-series ever, and i honestly agree.

Breaking Bad's style is subtle yet refined which leaves little hints allowing the viewer to guess what next, but guess what? Breaking Bad never ceases to surprises you despite your best efforts in trying to guess what's next. The drama is so intense all through the series you never seem to lose touch of interest and the show delivers it all with amazing suspense.

The overall acting is excellent and lead actor Bryan Cranston delivers an exceptional performance making the main character Walter White into an icon.

The only problem i see with these types of series is that the re-watch ability is low because the series build upon not knowing what's going to happen next.

Of course as all good things have to come to an end or as we would say in Breaking Bad's terms "all bad things have to come to an end" this show ended with one of the most epic endings in history of TV, if not perhaps even the most epic. I have a desire of wanting the series to continue but in reality i really don't want this to happen.

I don't know if i'm just bias because i tend to enjoy this type of suspending crime/drama series... or overrating it because i'm filled with emotions from recently having watched the finale, but this is the best show i have ever watched in the history of television, and with its perfected ending this is a series for the history books.

With great gratitude to Vince Gilligan, Bryan Cranston and everyone else involved for giving us this masterpiece i'll gladly give this a 10/10.