Breaking bad focuses on a man named Walter White (Bryan Cranston). A Mild-mannered chemistry teacher who despite being happily married to his wife Skyler (Anna Gunn) and a loving father to his disabled son Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte) is somewhat dissatisfied with the life of mediocrity that he has settled for. Shortly after Walt's 50th birthday he is diagnosed terminal lung cancer and thus begins the biggest mid life crisis in history.

With this news and his certainty that it will bankrupt his family Walt in a desperate attempt to assure his family's financial well- being he begins cooking methamphetamine with former pupil Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul). Along the way Walt must juggle his family, his newly found life of crime, the evasion of DEA Brother-in-law Hank Schrader (Dean Norris), rival drug dealers and most of all his own personal demons. 

Breaking bad is one of the best dramas put on big or small screen. In normal circumstances one may find it easy to anticipate where the show is going and what the plot will focus on; Walter's quest to set up his family's financial future right? Wrong. Breaking bad focuses on the on process of the protagonist's degrading humanity as he turns from a mild-mannered door mat to murderous drug kingpin named Heisenberg. Yet even still Walter manages to at least receive sympathy from viewers and this is thanks to subtle, versatile performance by Bryan Cranston who had four emmy awards to his name when the series concluded. 

For those thinking about watching Breaking Bad for the first it's important to bear in mind that Breaking Bad has more of a studied build up in early episodes which maybe as well as the hype seem to be thought of as slow by some yet it is all build up and at some point most likely towards the end of season two you will become hooked and won't be able to take your eyes away from Walter for a second. 

Another thing I must say that separates Breaking Bad from a lot of other TV dramas which were excellent the final episodes and the finale especially leave the viewers so satisfied that'll they'll want to start watching it all again.