I've been watching Breaking Bad ever since AMCTV announced the beginning season in 2008. I was intrigued by the plot line. Once I viewed Episode 1 of Season 1, I was hooked.

First, I can't praise Breaking Bad enough. Everything about the series is absolutely tops. The script (hats off to Vince Gilligan) delivers a consistently high quality, and suspenseful, drama episode after episode and season after season that keeps us viewers on the edge of our seats. The acting is phenomenal. Almost all the actors were unknowns to me. And yet every one of them came across as totally believable as human beings in every scene where they occurred. Every one of them delivered a spot-on performance and I mean even the minor characters like Jesse's buddies, Skinny Pete and Badger. No weak acting in any scene. And the direction and cinematography were outstanding. Anyone who understands films knows all these elements―script, actors, director, cinematography―all play a vital role in making a great movie. And they're all there in Breaking Bad, and I might add, all consistently there season after season. Especially the script and the acting.

As an aside, Hollywood badly needs to take a lesson from Breaking Bad. More and more of the movies coming out of Hollywood rely heavily on an exorbitantly paid movie actor to pull the crowd, CGI, blasting loud music, and shoot-'em-up / blow-'em-up scenes. Watching the trailers of such movies, I find myself wondering how many automobiles suffered a horrific death to make the movie.

From the beginning in Season 1 we've watched the principal character, Walter (aka Walt) White, start out as a dedicated family man and high school chemistry teacher in Albuquerque, New Mexico. One day while working at his car-wash job, he passes out. At the doctor's he discovers he has intractable cancer. He's a decent man, mild-mannered, and dumped on by many people, including the Romanian-American owner of the car wash where he works part-time to supplement his meager teacher salary.

Walt's a guy who so loves his family that he really wants to leave them enough money to survive after he's gone because he doesn't make enough money teaching chemistry and working at the car wash to afford better life insurance. One day his brother-in-law, Hank Schrader, a DEA agent in Albuquerque, takes him along on a meth bust. A fatal turn in Walt's life. He notices immediately that most meth cookers aren't chemists and he knows he could do a far superior job if he set his mind to it. The beginning slide down the slippery slope.

While along on the bust, he sees a young man clamber out of a second story window of the adjacent house, drop to the ground, and scamper away unnoticed by the DEA agents. But not unnoticed by Walt, who recognizes him as a former student in his chemistry class and who wasn't exactly what one would call a stellar student. Enter Jesse Pinkman. And another fatal turn in Walt's life. It was Pinkman's lab that was busted by the Feds, and Walt seeks out Jesse and propositions him. Walt'll cook the meth and Jesse will run the distribution operation. Walt figures he can make enough money this way to provide for his family when he's gone. Soon he's producing an extremely high grade of crystalline methamphetamine quickly known in the trade as "blue sky." By the end of Season 1 he's been forced to murder a young man and feels very distraught about it. But of course this is another fatal turn in Walt's life and a further slide down the slippery slope. Soon bodies are falling all around him right and left. Some murdered by him personally and some murdered at his behest.

It's made clear in Episode 1 (summer 2013) of Breaking Bad that Walter White is still alive at season's end. He's a disheveled, worn-out, desperate man on the run. He's returned to his fenced-in, abandoned house in Albuquerque. He says hello to his former neighbor, Carole, who is so startled by him and by his appearance that she drops her load of laundry and holds her hand up to her mouth in utter shock.

Walter White doesn't die a physical death, at least not by the season's finale. Along the way from being the good high school teacher who wanted to provide for his family to becoming Heisenberg, the greatest meth kingpin ever, he's warped his soul more and more into an unrecognizable human being to the people who love him. In this season's Episode 2 standing directly in from of Walt but staring blankly into space Hank mumbles, "I don't even know who I'm talking to." Walter White has died spiritually. He is no longer the Walter White Hank affectionately called the brainiac. But who is he? 

He's a man who's traversed one end of the spectrum of good and evil to the other end. In this season's Episode 3 we hear Jesse Pinkman's voice-over warning us: "Mr. White, he's the devil." But no human being, no matter how evil they've become, is completely evil. They still preserve a residue of their humanity. A tiny glowing ember of what's left of their soul. They can still feel emotional pain. They can still love their family and long for them. They can still show compassion. And that in the end is what makes human beings so unique. We can never venture totally beyond good and evil. The Old Testament expresses it well: Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil. Genesis Chapter 3:22. But it's not enough to know good and evil. We are bound morally to use this knowledge to prevent our desires from driving us to utter destruction. For our own sake, for the sake of our loved ones, and for the sake of humanity. As brilliant as Walter White was, he failed to grasp this crucial moral imperative.