The writers and producers of Breaking Bad cooked something new up. They turned on the stove, put on a big pot and mixed in an array of ingredients. They simmered some spices and flavors while frying up some chicken.

The end result was some forty six hours of pure entertainment. But this wasn't your ordinary show. Nothing conventional you would expect took place from years of conditioning from other shows. It never took the easy way out just to wrap up a story line. Breaking Bad took you into the dark corners and recesses of the human psyche, all while ensuring it also drummed up plenty of laughs to let you know not to take it so seriously. 

What was it going for? Was this just some mindless action? Some intelligent thriller? An entertaining dark comedy? A drama? At times it was all of these things, but what Breaking Bad actually is is a morality tale. While producing entertaining storytelling styles competently throughout the series, it ultimately is a cautionary tale about the disintegration of the human soul. It explores why an intelligent person can turn to the dark side and realistically details exactly how that can occur. 

Such plotting and centralized character studying and development goes far beyond Chemistry. It moves into quantum physics, philosophy, and metaphysics. Brilliantly, as Breaking Bad carves out its own universe in a detailed degree that the criminal world of Albuquerque, New Mexico becomes a character of its own, it begs the question of what world, or universe, the main character Walter White has decided to embark down, or live in. In the theory of parallel or multiple universes (multiverse), this decision for the antihero to choose to alter his course into a different world sets the stage for the disintegration of his soul. Every step he takes and decision he makes in his chosen universe contrasts the old universe he could have chosen to live in. Metaphorically, on an elementary level, one can say that he chose to live in hell. As the saying goes, "The road to hell is paved with good intentions". 

Thus, while Breaking Bad is window-dressed with crystal meth, it is actually an exploratory journey of the human soul, and how each decision one makes can not only hurt themselves but also impact everyone around them. Breaking Bad has no fear in applying this cosmic-karmic revelation. Through subtleties and non-subtleties, each action triggers an equal or opposite "reaction"; nothing the Law of Thermodynamics would n't tell you anyway, but to see it occur and applied in real life moralistic ways can have a more profound effect on understanding how it relays real life to the world of physics. 

If not definitively taking sides on any particular school of philosophy or politics (another very fine quality of Breaking Bad is its obvious ambiguity throughout, allowing each viewer to identify with it in their own way, or perhaps keeping them open minded to possible alternatives), it certainly puts many of them up to the test. In this random, pointless world where so much is up to a matter of chance versus one's "free will", there is a nihilistic sense to Walter's life, but then again through "free will", it is clear that Walter's decisions set in motion (Inertia) events that would have been preventable and were not random but instead actual effects of his cause. Similarly, small moments about the legality of drugs and how the law changes in time create political fodder that even goes into Libertarianism. The point is that Breaking Bad has much to say under the meticulous, carefully intertwined and intricate epic crime drama saga. 

These layers upon layers combined with its artistic, superficial attention to detail consume the viewer to create an experience seldom matched. Like the meth its protagonist cooked up, the creators of Breaking Bad cooked up something so unique, detailed and interesting that it became an addiction, and the greatest television drama of all time.