Breaking Bad is widely regarded now as one of the best TV shows of all time. And it's not hard to see why. The show, which ran for 5 seasons, follows the story of Walter White, a middle aged high school chemistry teacher and family man who is diagnosed with lung cancer and, supposedly to make money to support his family, teams up with former student Jesse Pinkman and begins cooking crystal meth.

That doesn't sound like an engaging premise, but the show is a lot more sophisticated and intelligent than meets the eye, and the show literally just gets better and better as it goes along, forming more interesting story lines centred around each character, in particular the storyline of Gus Fring, certainly one of TV's nastiest, most manipulative and most clever villains ever put on TV.

The main thing that makes this show great is the evolution of Walt, who transforms from caring, clever family man into a manipulative, dangerous, ruthless and just downright monstrous drug kingpin over 5 seasons. Watching this transformation of his character is fascinating and all the while we manage to sympathise with Walt to a certain degree because of all the reasons he did this......right up until the moment he pointlessly kills Mike in S5. That was the moment I lost all sympathy for the character.

And yet we somehow manage to find sympathy for him again in the last 2 episodes after he finally sees himself for what he is and redeems himself to a certain extent. It's proof that I was connected to Walt's story, as I actually cried at his death in the show's final scene, and I almost never cry at TV shows.

As well as the fantastic character development on this show, the acting is also pitch perfect. Bryan Cranston's performance as Walter White HAS to go down as one of the greatest acting performances I have ever seen. He is simply perfect at being both sympathetic and ruthless at the same time. Aaron Paul is also flawless as the amusing, but deeply troubled Jesse, Dean Norris is great as Walt's DEA brother-in-law Hank, Anna Gunn is great as Walt's wife Skylar (who grows more and more depressed as the show goes on), Giancarlo Esposito's performance as Gus Fring is legendary, Bob Odenkirk is just perfect as the hilarious Saul Goodman and RJ Mitte is also good as Walt Jr. I could go on for a while but you get my point.

The show isn't flawless. I found myself generally getting bored at certain points throughout due to the long running story usually being padded out with pointless sub plots. The first 7 Seasons of Dexter (especially the first four and S7) were usually engaging from beginning to end. So despite Dexter's awful final season, I actually consider Dexter to be the superior TV show.

But that doesn't stop the show from being brilliant, constantly producing some of the best episodes in TV history, such as ABQ, One Minute, the criminally underrated gem that is Fly, Crawl Space, Face Off, Dead Freight, Confessions and Ozymandias, with Ozymandias possibly being the greatest and most tense hour of TV I have ever seen in my life.....not even joking. And the show's season finale, "Felina", is genuinely one of the finest endings for a TV show ever produced. Everything came together perfectly.

So in conclusion. WATCH THIS SHOW......Now! It made not be the greatest TV show ever (Doctor Who, The West Wing, Dexter, Life On Mars, etc. are better) but you seriously haven't lived until you've watched this show. So watch it.