Breaking Bad is a masterpiece, plain and simple. It stands toe-to-toe with the likes of The Wire, Mad Men, and The Sopranos in terms of smart writing, engaging characters, fantastic performances, and an immersive world. Not to mention, the show features my favorite acting performance of any medium, Bryan Cranston as Walter White.

Perhaps the most important point to mention is this does not feel like a TV show, but an experience that has been elevated above that plane with the help of impressive cinematography and equally impressive musical selection. It has a style to it that may not grip you at the start because we as a society have come to expect certain characteristics of TV shows that are not met here. Definitely by the end of the first season, however, you will be hooked, on the edge of your seat, waiting to see what happens to these characters. The best analogy I can make to better clarify is perhaps comparing Breaking Bad to the work of Tarantino and the Coen brothers. It's tense and violent, but also darkly comic at parts. Not to mention, there are many moments that will stick with you due to the show's incredible performances and style. I don't think I will ever forget the first time I watched the conclusion to the episode "Crawl Space" or the ending to the episode "One Minute." The show is a slow burn, but when that burn erupts, it spreads like wild fire, gripping you into its dark world.

Ultimately this show is a character study, taking an intelligent, but overall, normal family man, and turning him into a cold criminal. It delves into the psychology of his situation and engages the audience into asking themselves where they draw the line. As he deviates further and further from the norm, his crimes become more and more heinous. That being said, because we resonate so strongly with his characters original intentions, it is hard to condemn him for taking this terrible path. This complex show could have easily fallen apart if the lead performance did not reflect the complexity of the character, but luckily Bryan Cranston delivers episode after episode, more than deserving of his back-to-back-to-back Emmy wins. Even the supporting cast around him delivers. Aaron Paul's performances transcends our perceptions of his character at the start making him far more layered than we would have originally thought. Jonathan Banks creates a cool and slick killer... at the prime age of 60. Bob Odenkirk provides much comic relief while also supplying the later seasons with a moral compass, that is often ignored. Even the supporting roles of Anna Gunn and Betsy Brandt add to their seemingly one-dimensional characters and allow us to engage in their point of view on multiple viewings. I would be remiss to fail to mention Giancarlo Esposito, whose performance in season four rivals that of Cranston's making for one of my favorite supporting roles ever.

This is definitely a show to experience. Four and a half seasons in, and it has not missed a beat. Breaking Bad is the only show I can think of that gets better each successive season. It's characters become more engaging, the tension becomes more gripping, the dialogue becomes more thoughtful, and we as an audience are left in awe. The show will be ending come this summer and I can't wait to see the conclusion. Vince Gilligan has truly created a masterpiece.