Forty-two years ago the blessed Godfather hit our screens and from the generation that first viewed it, they have passed it down to their children as a must-see film, and after forty-two years the film still retains its ringing influence on the entertainment industry to the point it has and will continue to be viewed and studied from all areas of the world.

Breaking Bad, in my humble opinion, has the same ringing influence. I believe in forty-two years time and beyond this show will be passed down as the greatest piece of television ever created. Unfortunately we won't realise it yet as, just as the first generation that watched the godfather in 1972 didn't quite realise how much of an influence the film would have, the same can be said here as we are the first generation to view the excellence that is 'Breaking Bad'.

This is not a review per say but my way of expressing my gratitude to the show. I know it can be stupid to become too obsessed with film and TV to the point people say your not living in reality. But if we think about it, could it be that the influence of television and its ability to play with our emotions and thoughts just prove its shows more realism in our lives than we previously considered. This is what 'Breaking Bad' does so superbly, with Vince Gillingam trying to show how even the kindest of people can be the ones who are hiding their true hidden selves in the shadows.

The ability of this show that it makes you reflect months after about express the magnitude of influence it has. I for one have heard people describe it as the 'Greatest TV Show of all time' but here I disagree. 

As this show is more than that, it honestly should be considered as one of the 'Greatest pieces of Art'. I wont tell you how or why but they only way you as a reader can find out is to pick up the remote and watch it - at first you may see it as just a normal TV show but I urge you to find the deeper connection it has to the viewer. The teachings on morality, family dedication, choices and loyalty. We live by these morals every day and the show helps us reflect on our actions and how we choose to live our life. 

I know this is sounding really deep and I have no doubt I will be seen as a sap with someone thinking 'what a load of crap that guys talking about' and to you I say you're probably right. As what I'm saying probably hasn't made much sense and even when you watch the show it may not do either but maybe just maybe in 42 years time, you may be struck by the realisation of the artistic message this show had. 

Prehaps my review can be contradicted by the show itself in Season 2's episode 'Better Call Saul'...

- Saul Goodman: 'What did Tom Hagen do for Vito Corleone?'

- Walter H. White: 'I'm no Vito Corleone'

But the truth of that statement is up for you to debate upon. Just grab a drink and the remote!