Oh yeah...thats true ...I was never an addict before watching this but this TV series made me an addict ...of a TV serial :) For the first time in life i found myself compulsively addicted to watch a season continuously. I just could not get it off my head, could not resist watching it ..found drawn , pulled or sucked by Breaking Bad into itself n I was not able help myself , totally out of my own control. I had seen entire 5 (or 6 ?) seasons of Breaking Bad ; all 62 episodes in over weekend . I started watching Friday night as a friends suggested me this series, ; but I told him "well I am not a big fan of TV series but am more of a movies guy" ; But when it started it turned out to be one big hell of a movie ...60 hours long !!just started as timepass I started with First episode to get a sleep but this literally took away all the sleep And all this time i watching it continuously obsessively without moving , without bath , just eating chips n junk food all the while . And by the time I finished it and woke up next morning ...I didn't even knew what day it was? Is it Monday or Tuesday or Wednesday? This may seem an extreme reaction to Breaking Bad but i guess it was worthy of what this is ..Truly Awesome !!! I guess i was behaving like a junkie ...lingering in my couch ...shabby , unclean ...just watching it and feeling myself a part of parallel universe where Breaking Bad isn't a TV series and I am not a viewer but a part of it ...or where I am the who knocks :) Its a trip down your innermost fears , desires , ambitions , conflicts and confusion in all of it.

I had always been fan of Stanely Kubrick like "Grey Matter" movies which are both nerdy and also shows humans not in brackets of good vs evil but in a more nuanced thousand shades of grey . This movie is all about transformation of a human from white into grey to dark grey to black ; slowly methodically just like chemistry and once done you cant even determine who is black or who is white . Its all then becomes a single compound of humans ...Greedy n selfish ,filled with frustration, anger ,confusion and more subtle desire to be respected , to feel important , to feel love and to care for the family. All of them when mixed with right ingredients of cancer hopelessness gives a high of power from where there is no point of return. Once you get it there are no more moral or ethical boundaries left. No judgements to be made. Its all dark but sadly its closest to real world we live in.

If Kubrick has ever made a TV series i bet that would be something like Breaking Bad. Its epitome of what TV series can do and raises a bar for other great series like BBC's Sherlock. It mixes human emotions in a cocktail so never seen before. It metamorphosis a human from white into black with erosion of its soul and rusting of its moral compass. Its all that who all wish to be on the inside. Its a chemical formula to give us a high into our deepest desires ...just like meth :) I was little disappointed by end though, felt very typical Hollywood style and little out of touch. A darker end where either Jesse & Walt dies in captivity or oblivion would have more satisfying .

Nevertheless this is a TV series which gives a better high than snorting meth :)