I've been a long time fan of the Walking Dead and many Breaking Bad fans challenged me to watch breaking bad and when I finished all 5 seasons, tell them what I preferred. I agreed to this and started season 1. I feel it took me a while to feel enthusiasm for the show but gradually I connected more and more with the characters and learnt what they were about.

There is no doubt that Breaking Bad is one of them shows that you just don't want to stop watching, I found myself up till gone midnight, glued to my screen because it was just so incredible and thrilling. It is definitely one of the cleverest and most astoundingly written TV shows I have ever watched and probably tops most movies in terms of writing and the ability to tie all loose ends. Each season finale was fantastically rounded off with a clever cliffhanger to entice you back for the next season, it has every ingredient essential for the perfect show. The characters depth was fascinating and at times touching, it conveys perfectly a theme a desperation and fear along with the idea of your time running out, what will you do with it? You see incredible development with each character and see their slow but inevitable diminish into a life of crime, death and destruction. 

Breaking Bad is undoubtedly one of the best TV shows I have ever seen and probably ever will see, Vince Gilligan's ability to write pure gold is definitely exhibited here. You can barely fault the shows continuity, it is practically spotless. The soundtrack was absolutely fantastic and the choice of Baby Blue by Badfinger for the final episode was absolutely perfect for the story. The cinematography was clever, relevant and at times unusual, but always seemed to work perfectly. The editing was mind blowing, it was imaginative, original and completely appropriate, it keeps you interested and entertained. Each field is covered in exactly the way it should be, and the actors were absolutely perfect. All convincing and powerful as well as emotive, they really draw in the viewer and put you on the edge of your seat. 

It may seem like I'm giving endless praises but really, this series is faultless to me. I found myself almost in tears when it ended because I didn't know what to do with myself! I had no questions left to ask but so much to admire. 

I completely recommend Breaking Bad to anyone, it is definitely not an understatement when people claim this as a masterpiece, if you haven't seen it yet, you are definitely missing out. I guarantee that this show will stick in your head for weeks on end. 

When I was asked which show I enjoyed more, The Walking Dead or this? Of course, I said Breaking Bad.