My brother, a year or two back, started watching Breaking Bad. Having heard a lot about it, and wanting to know what was keeping him glued to his computer screen, I watched the Pilot one day. And I was blown away.

Before Breaking Bad, I hadn't seen very much television. When I heard of the premise, I immediately thought that it would be about the character becoming a drug dealer, and his many different drug deals. Kind of like a procedural. But, when I was watching the first season, I was confused. Each episode flowed into the next, telling a story. It wasn't like other shows that had a case of the week. It was special.

I proceeded to watch the first two and a half seasons, and then it was summer. I went to camp that summer, as the first half of season 5 was being released on TV. All the time, I was anxiously awaiting when I could go home and finish watching Breaking Bad. So, when I got home, I finished all that exists thus far of Breaking Bad.

This was my first foray into truly excellent, serialized television. What I loved the most was that it was a gripping series, full of subtle nuances that made it above average. For example, the teases during the second season that foreshadow the climactic ending of Season Two, or the excellent opening of Season Three. I could go on. It was surreal to see these images that translated into poetry, even through the darkness of Walter White.

Speaking about Walter White, I still think that he is the greatest television character of all time. Some say that Tony Soprano is the greatest, or Don Draper, or whomever else; but Walter White stands above the rest. His descent into Heisenberg is eerily perfect, played to the finest detail by Bryan Cranston. It's the best part of the show.

Really, to understand Breaking Bad, you have to watch it. It's the only way to understand the genius behind it. I will be honest, I haven't YET seen The Sopranos, The Wire, Mad Men, or Dexter (other supposedly excellent shows), but I feel that they won't ever aspire to the greatness of Breaking Bad, yo.