Breaking Bad has changed the face of television. 

This television show is truly amazing. There is no other television show that has so many strong elements than Breaking Bad does. It throws the viewer into a world of violence, drugs, sex, explosions and Meth labs. 

The acting in this show is simply astonishing, it is one of the many strong elements. Bryan Cranston is simply amazing in these five seasons, he takes the audience on the journey of Walter White, a character which for any actor would be an extreme challenge however for Cranston he seems to take this protagonist (turned antagonist) lightly on his shoulders and show us the story that turns this chemistry teacher into the legend that is Heisenberg.

Aaron Paul plays Jesse Pinkman as a character which we think is going to be the light comedy character within the season however as he develops more and more into a darker character we can tell that this is definitely not the case. Jesse turns into a character that we want to have a good life, he is the character that we reason with, we see his faults and we seem to get closer and closer to him as the seasons go on. Aaron Paul starts off as a good actor and turns into a stunning actor by the end of the fifth season, Jesse Pinkman really does turn into a character which may start off as one many actors could take on, however at the end it is simply only Aaron that I can picture taking on this now complex character. 

These two actors are two of many who have donated their amazing acting skills to this television series and made it the revolutionary piece of art it is today. Anna Gunn as Skyler White, Giancarlo Esposito as Gustabo Fring, Bob Odenkirk as Saul Goodman (who will return in better call Saul) and Dean Norris as Hank Schrader all added a hell of a lot to the series and all have memorable characters who are different from any we have seen before.

Michelle MacLaren directs eleven of the breaking bad episodes beautifully, she also excecutively produces thirteen of them. She has directed the most breaking bad episodes and following behind her is another great director who has contributed some excellent work to the series, Adam Bernstein, he has directed eight episodes. 

Vince Gilligan is of course the genius behind these characters and the storyline that follows them. He created the series and wrote sixty two of the episodes and even directed five episodes himself. After the reaction of breaking bad he must be one of the best writers of the 21st century, it is simply staggering the mind he has got to create some of the ideas in this season.

These people and many others, make Walter White's transformation into Heisenberg, an amazing award winning, controversial five seasons which defy television and has changed the way that directors, actors, writers and producers are going to approach making a TV Series. I recommend this series to all of my friends and will continue to. I really hope it makes a return after Better Call Saul. (As apparently there is a little more the the ending than we expect).