It has taken me quite an amount of time to think of words to describe this incredible masterpiece of a show. As a matter of fact, calling this just a "show" in my opinion is an outright insult. The vast and complex twists and turns of this "show" are unending as well as brilliant. However, these descriptions of the overall structure of the show don't even come close to the acting. Bryan Cranston, Aaron Paul, Giancarlo Esposito, the list of excellence goes on and on. Before I miraculously stumbled upon this show by way of Netflix, these names were only mere actors, just people, but after watching the series, they became artists to me, Emmy-collecting artists. 

Now that I'm done salivating over the achievements of the show let's talk about the plot which is also genius. Bryan Cranston of the hit sitcom, Malcolm in the Middle plays a financially struggling high school teacher named Walter White, who is a happy easy-going husband and father to a child with Cerebral Palsy becomes terminally ill with lung cancer. The news of his diagnosis takes a huge toll on White's morale causing him to drastically panic which inevitably provokes White to "Break Bad" in a sense, and begin cooking Methamphetamine. His partner in crime is one of White's former High school students named Jessie Pinkman who is played by (my new favorite actor) Aaron Paul. Paul's portrayal of Jesse has been so beyond perfect that fans often sympathize with his feelings much more than Walt's. His performance has even impressed me enough to buy several other of his films. Paul's character could be described as a lost kid trying to find his way. Especially in today's world, many can related to his never ending, complicated situation. We discover throughout the show's existence that Jesse, despite all of his distress has a huge heart and truly cares for others, particularly kids. both Walter White and Jesse Pinkman develop a very special relationship as they together traverse into a world of drug lords, junkies, and all else that comes with the meth business or as Walt calls it the "Empire Business."

As well as a consummate story, certain thematic aspects are also beautifully amalgamated into the series by writer Vince Gilligan such as the very accurate behaviors and mannerisms users of meth demonstrate. Viewers of the show also see what its like to lose what you love most and not have the opportunity to take it back. The true meaning of family is challenged throughout the series but its clear that "Family always comes First" as Walter always demands.