So, I am writing a no spoiler review for the show, AFTER THE FINALE AIRED. There are a few shows I could consider perfect, well, currently only two....the Sopranos and Breaking Bad. OK in no way am I trying to compare the two, except they both exceed my expectations. Before watching Breaking Bad, there is two things you should know, 1) The description "A chemistry teacher who makes meth." is not what the show is about, that is just the first episode character development plays a huge role, 2)the entire series takes place in about a two year period of time (ruling out some rare flashbacks), basically seasons 1-someof 5 are in one year and sometime in 5-finale have bigger time gaps.

Breaking Bad is a marvelous show, it has dark humor and very dark events, so there are some shocking scenes. It just kept getting better and better is a great summary for the show, because when events happen in Breaking Bad, it is shocking, the violence isn't overused and the writing is phenomenal, the thing about this show is that no one is really off limits, anything can happen to anyone at anytime.

Another thing that makes this show great is that tension builds, and when things fall apart you can only watch in horror and shock. The story follows Walter H. White, a father, a husband, a person who doesn't take charity. He earns his money, he has to earn it, for his family......speaking of family, Walt has a brother-in-law in the DEA, I understand that the double life thing seems a little overplayed, but it really works great here.

The cast is perfect, Hank, Walt's brother-in-law really reminded me of someone I know in real life, he is funny, sometimes racist, but he has a place in his heart for family. Then there is Skylar, she is Walt's wife and Anna Gunn does a fantastic job playing her, then there is Jesse, but you'll have to watch the show.

From the hooking beginning to the final episode (which was glorious) Breaking Bad just keeps getting better and better, though I am sad it ended, it was a great run.