Vince Gilligan's Breaking Bad is a drama about a man's decline into villainy, Mr. Chips becoming Scarface Every single episode is a unique, unpredictable and rich work of art. The suspenseful drama is morally challenging, masterfully well written and puts on screen the best performance by an actor I have ever seen. Every season is better and darker than the previous one, which only helps building the tension and hooking everyone's eyes on the screen until the very end. 

Walter Hartwell White (Bryan Cranston) was an extremely overqualified high school chemistry teacher, he watched his friends and colleagues become millionaires and surpass him in every way imaginable, his wife Skyler (Anna Gunn) was seven months pregnant, his 15 year-old son Flynn (R.J. Mitte) has cerebral palsy and to pay his bills, he had to work a second job in a car-wash. Shortly after turning 50, he learnt he had inoperable lung cancer and less than two years left to live. To provide for his family's future, Walter calculated that he needed $737 000. After Hank, his DEA agent brother-in-law showed him how much money someone could make with a single meth operation ($700 000), he decided to partner up with Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul), an ex-student of his who was also a small time drug user, dealer and manufacturer.

Under the nickname "Heisenberg", Walter made the purest crystal meth in the world while Pinkman was dealing it. Throughout the first four seasons and the first half of the fifth, we witnessed Walter's ascension to power. He started cooking in a RV truck with Jesse for a psychopath, then into an industrial super lab for a ridiculously well-mannered and professional businessman named Gus Fring. After killing Fring because of his threats against the White family, Heisenberg became the new head of the meth underworld.

While witnessing Walter White's ascension in the meth business, we also see his physical and moral decay. The nice man who started has a sympathetic but desperate family man now became a ruthless drug lord. But the loss of his humanity is so gradual and so well made I actually surprised myself rooting for him after he ordered the assassination of the nicest person in the series at the end of season three.

At first, Walter was doing his criminal activities for his family, but he soon became a millionaire and continued the business because he liked it and was good at it. He slowly became more and more evil, greedy and homicidal. Up to the first half of the final season (five), his business was doing great, he had $80 million dollar in cash hidden in a locker, his family was happy, his wife was helping him with the money laundering and he bought his son a new car. But when his DEA agent brother-in-law found out his secret, the end began. 

The final season not only contains probably three of the five best episodes of all time, but also an inescapable feeling of impending doom. The castle the king had built started to crumble on his family and on himself. His empire is stolen from him, Hank and his partner are murdered before his eyes as the direct and unfortunate result of his actions. Everything he did to assure the best of his family is ruined It's heartbreaking. Because of that, Skyler and his son turn against him, they even set the police after him, leaving Walt no choice but to hide alone in the cold weather of New Hampshire for a couple of months. Riddled with cancer, and on the edge of his time, he changed his mind and decides not to die as a hermit in a cabin in the woods, but to go out with a bang. In a jaw-dropping finale, Walter gives an opportunity to his wife to clear her name, he reveals the location of Hank's body, and kills the neo-Nazis who took his life in cold-blood. He then rescues a completely broken Jesse from these psychopaths, and, shot, passes away in the lab with a smile on his face. His redemption is complete, he regained some of his humanity. He can rest in peace.

Breaking Bad was consistently great, while Ozymandias and Felina, stand on the line of artistic perfection, no episode is, shall I say, bad. Every single one of them has outstanding cinematography, amazing storytelling and actors who can bring anyone to tears. One of my favorite scene is when Hank, Walt and his son watch the video of the recently dead Gale's karaoke song. Hank and Flynn are laughing out loud but Walt was the one responsible for his death. He didn't say a word, we just saw his heart breaking through his eyes. This is Oscar level acting for more than 50 hours of episodes! 

All in all, we are talking about a flawless and quintessential masterpiece of episodic cinema. I watch a lot of movies and series but I can't recall the last time I had to cover my mouth not to scream nor when a single scene made me become a better person. Breaking Bad can safely be proclaimed the greatest drama series of all time and I seriously doubt I will see something better for at least another decade.

As a tribute, I did a top 20 Breaking Bad episodes, feel free to check it out: http://www.imdb.com/list/g_OeLWANEv0/