These past 2-3 years I have taught myself to appreciate story telling a lot more. This was the result of me coming to realization that TV and cinema are more than just mindless mediums of fun. NO. They are much more than this. Its whole a new world with other worlds branching off each other. When comparing movies and TV i have noticed something. TV have a undeniable advantage over films. TV shows can be a slow burn developing the characters and plot with slow yet engaging pacing. Of course the characters and the plot themselves have to have sense of freshness and creativity about them or the show will not achieve a high level of story telling. Shows like "The Walking Dead", "The Newsroom", "Game of Thrones" and "The Wire" do this very well which is due to impeccable writing. All these shows are great in their own right, but one show I feel has risen above the rest, taken up the crown if you will as perhaps the most impressive and engaging show to ever the bless the television screen. This is of course Vince Gilligan's crime drama "Breaking Bad"

"Breaking Bad" involves a incredibly over qualified chemistry teacher and car wash register Walter White who only makes around 40,000 dollars to his name every year. This is a problem you see as he has a wife with baby on the way and a teenage son with cerebral palsy. To make things worse our smoke free protagonist has been diagnosed with a serious form of lung cancer (i forgot what stage). He is now in a spot of bother but who would come along and pop and idea in his head. Hank Shrader his brother in law who also happens to be DEA agent who makes a meth bust which comes to the attention of Mr White. He knows within himself that he can cook nearly perfect meth and with the right distribution he can provide for his family after he eventually buys it due to his cancer. At this point Walt finally strikes a bit of luck as he comes in contact with an old student of his Jesse Pinkman who happens to be a meth cook and dealer. With some liberating words Walt persuades Jesse to partner up with him to cook and deal meth. This is pretty much the synopsis of the first half of the first episode. After this is the slow burn that is this masterful story.

The first thing that must be noted of this show is the writers ability to link plot points with other plot points to progress the overarching story. Characters and circumstances collide as we watch Walt descend into what his is in "Felina"(Oh yeah Walt is known as Heisenberg in the meth world).Every character is constructed beautifully with Walt, Jesse, Saul, Skyler, Jr, Hank, Marie Jesse, Mike and the menacing Gus. I shall not go further as i don't want to reveal anything too important. The story is also complimented with masterful directing and cinematography with one of the directors being Rian Johnson the directed of the superb "Looper". POV shots FTW!!!!

The plot, writing and directing have ticked a box but all of it would have been in vain if it wasn't for some of the best acting I have seen in any form of entertainment. Bryan Cranston has deserved all the Emmys that he has won with his flawless job as Walter White who makes his transformation believable and unbelievable at the same time. Jesse Pinkman was my favorite character in the show due to Aaron Paul's emotionally gripping performance. This guy has some serious range. The supporting actors where all phenomenal with a couple of stand outs being Gincarlo Esposito as Gus and Dean Norris as the lovable loaf Hank. I could go on for pages about the acting praising Gunn, Mitte, Odenkirk, Banks, Brandt, and Plemons.

I have attempted to describe with justification how good this show is. It is masterfully paced and never bored me. the writing is flawless and acting was also flawless which it definitely needed to be for this kind of content. I will never forget this show and it will have to be trumped by a show forged by the gods to over throne it as the greatest piece of story telling ever put to the television screen.

If you liked this then you might also like-

"The Wire"- Fantastic writing and shows point of view of the gangsters, similar to "Breaking Bad"

"The Sopranos"- anti hero factor

"Walking Dead"- Characterization factor

"Sherlock"- Just because its amazing and everyone should watch it