I created an IMDb account just to rant and rave about Breaking Bad. Yes that's how much I enjoyed it! Have a read:

I finished watching Breaking Bad, the complete 4 seasons this weekend (2008-2013, a 5-year long TV Series by AMC). It is by far, hands down, the best Criminal TV Series I have seen in the last 20 years of watching film of my life. Ever since I was watching my first TV series at seven years old at home, there has never been a more fascinating blow-you-out-of-the-water Criminal TV series for me. If you are a fan of Criminal-mystery/Gangster movies and series such as The Goodfellas, The Godfather, Minority Report, American Gangster, Pulp Fiction, Traffic, Leon the Professional, Nikita (2009) and many others in the similar Criminal/Gangster/Mystery category of Film and Series, then don't stop reading: Imagine all of the best sequences that you've experienced in your years of watching criminal movies and series and put them all together in one large basket of good movie memories of suspense, action, drama. Put those all together and add them up in you mind's eye and you'll come to the realization that some of the most intense scenery you've seen on-screen have been from the best crime movies out there. Put all of that together in your mind, and it will still not add up to the sum of intense suspense and drama you will experience from watching Breaking Bad. This TV series is an experience that will blow you away.

Looking back at some classic directors such as Hitchcock; the old-fashioned famous thriller movie director, Spielberg; the modern-day but still one of the most famous criminal action/mystery/thriller directors in the past 15-20 years, George Lucas; for his Star Wars films the last 50 years, and Joel Surnow; La feme Nikita ('90s TV series) they all have one aspect in common. They present to the viewer a 'Get ready for it, here it comes!! - suspense intensity' that is kind of expected to be found. The director wants you to expect it to enjoy what you are watching so that you crave more excitement. Director Vince Gilligan of Breaking Bad creates suspense in a wholly different manner. What you will experience while watching his series is a strung-out, slow-paced 'Wait for it, the consequences will hit the fan a few episodes from now...' Then when you expect the drama to play out, after he creates that mindset for you, it won't happen. Dead stop. Why? Because later, instead, it will come back so hard and so intensely at the least expected moment, that it will practically knock you off of your seat. The intensity that Vince builds up for you is nothing short of genius. Figuratively describing this, as long as you're paying attention, you will not believe how dramatic and strong the suspense comes and hits you right in the face and smacks you down onto the ground. Then after it hits you down, it then proceeds to take a bulldozer and flatten you until you're about as thin as a coin, after which the coin is dropped into magma and liquidized. That's a small taste of how this series will make you feel, in a good way. Given to say if you're not focused and you're not paying attention to an episode with scenes that happened two episodes ago, you'll probably not remember what the consequence will become in the episode that you're watching at present. If that's the case then don't watch Breaking Bad because you don't deserve it anyway.

Don't live life without experiencing maybe the best criminal TV series in today's era, because it will probably change your life. Take a couple of weeks from your regular movies or series and watch the four seasons of Breaking Bad and you'll agree, it was worth every single minute. Did I mention? It will change your life.