Without a Doubt I can tell you that Breaking Bad has blew my mind. Wide Open! Truthfully I didn't think much would come out of this show and judging on all the Hype I thought it was massively Overrated. Well I can tell you now that I haven't been more wrong in my life then the day i had that thought in my mind. 

Season 1 starts off as you would expect from the greats of Recent T.V history. A Normal guy by the name of Walter White gets stage 3 Lung Cancer just after his 50th birthday and for the future of his family decides to start cooking Blue Meth. As the show gradually progresses we see Walters slow rise into the Drug Business as by the time Season 5 hits Walt has gone from an ordinary guy doing ordinary things to cooking Top of the Range Meth and becoming a major force in the Drug world. The show is breathtaking from start to finish for each season keeping your eyes glued to the screen. Every movement every reaction and every line spoken by not just one but all the actors is of pure perfection something that you would rarely get in the Art of Film and Television these days. More often than not the suspense the show manages to build is fantastic and very cell done. Even with limited action scenes in the Shows life we are still begging for more come the end of each episode.

However the Performances that top the Cherry in Breaking Bad has to be the Wonderful Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul playing Walter White and Jesse Respectively. Both men put in breathtaking effort into there roles something that thy will never be able to overdo regardless of what the future holds in store for the two. The chemistry between them is jaw dropping. Straight from the pilot they click together fantastically well and I feel that the show truly does work best when it's just scenes with Jesse and Walter involved. Fully deserved of their Emmy Wins.

Finally to cut a long story short the Final Season is possibly the best climax I've seen to a TV show. It manages to avoid a controversial ending with many answers left unanswered ( Lost / Sopranos) and instead gives us an ending that we were all desperately hoping for. The Journey of Walter White will be one that will take a very very long time to forget. Vince Gilligan has done a sensational job creating the World that lies in Breaking Bad and for that it will be remembered as one of the greats in TV history. And rightly so.....