I count myself lucky that I'd just gotten into "Breaking Bad" when the final season hysteria hit. For several weeks, you couldn't surf the web without hearing about this show, and everyone and their mother were championing it as the greatest thing to hit the airwaves since ... forever. That kind of hype can kill interest in anything, and it's exactly what turned me off of "LOST". 

That said, it didn't take long for the show to win me over. And the biggest reason (among many) to recommend this to anyone is the dazzling plot twists. I can't tell you how many times I was mad at the screen when the credits rolled on an episode. They kicked this thing off with one hell of a pilot (one of the greats), but it had me frequently asking asking "Where will this go from here?" So he cooked the meth, now what? The sale of which would connect Walt and Jesse with a fast-food operator/drug kingpin and then onto an international conglomerate. "Breaking Bad" instilled in me the driving need to see how this story played out. So above all, the writing is incredible. 

And aside from the terrific acting (across the board; it's a showcase of top-tier talent), you can't help but be taken with the show's cinematography. When it's not the eye-popping clouds of the Albuquerque skies (a city that adds heaps of character to the show), it's the creative opening shots and choices in framing that add layers to the story. This show was a treat for the eyes. 

And as far as the final season goes, I can understand the fervor. It's that good. Nail-biting and (sometimes) very hard to watch, but it absolutely measures up. Particularly with "Ozymandias". That episode had me wound up, heartbroken, and seething all within minutes. 

Phenomenal show. 

10/10

One more thing: the character of Walter White. I think it's remarkable how they actually developed him from nebbish chemistry teacher to Scarface drug kingpin. But I didn't care about him nearly as much as I did Jesse, and the punishment that poor kid endured through the course of this show is rough, man. But I'm also glad things turned out the way they did. The right people paid dearly, and the right people were set free.