Over December 2013 and January 2014, I decided to embark with my parents on a marathon to watch Breaking Bad. Now that I've finished the marathon, I can proudly say, as my summary does, the best television show to ever air on television (and I don't think I'm alone in my opinion)

When I first heard about this show, all I heard were just raving reviews and nothing bad to say. With that in mind, I started on Season 1, and I was immediately addicted (I actually could not stop watching)

Now, what makes Breaking Bad the best show ever? Here are 10 reasons why;

1. The way in which the story is unravelled is just pitch-perfect. I guess a story is when a series of events occur one after the other. Breaking Bad marries each scene and each episode to perfection, and in doing so, makes each episode better than the last one.

2. There is a very intelligent mix of both drama and black comedy. This doesn't just apply over the course of one episode; this applies throughout entire seasons.

3. The characters in the show are very strong and creates empathy amongst the audience. For example, you really feel for Jesse when he is distraught over Jane's death. Conversely, Walter starts off as a sympathetic character down on his luck, but by Season 5 Part II, you really hate him the same way you would a villain.

4. The acting on this show, especially that of Bryan Cranston's, is just phenomenal. Every single actor manages to make their character believable and not fumble up their lines. Special mentions also go out to Aaron Paul, Dean Norris, Giancarlo Esposito and RJ Mitte.

5. Unlike most shows (especially The Wire), the dialogue in Breaking Bad is very concise and tight. It doesn't drag on and include gratuitous lines.

6. The cinematography is so exquisite, that it's fair to say each frame is like a painting. As a cinematographer, the use of manual focusing and closeups is stellar. I'd also like to point out the extensive use of POV shots and time lapses.

7. The choices of music throughout the show are very sophisticated and varied. For example, the end of Season 1 features Gnarls Barkley's song Who's Gonna Save My Soul as Walt embraces his identity of Heisenberg, while in Season 5 Part I, Duke Ellington's Overture is used as Dan fills the safety deposit boxes. However, the most memorable choice of music is the series finale, with Badfinger's Baby Blue.

8. The use of sound helps to dive into the psyche of characters. For example, in the pilot, when Walt is worried about his cancer, the words of his doctor are faint, and at the end of Season 1, when Tuco beats up No Doze, you hear the sounds of Tuco's knuckles pounding No Doze's flesh.

9. The damaging effects of drugs are portrayed in a very realistic manner. A perfect example of this is when Jesse and Jane have shot up heroin, and Jane is moved out of her recovery position and asphyxiates on her vomit.

10. No other show in history has as much critical acclaim as Breaking Bad does. For example, it is the #1 show on IMDb, with a score of 95, on Metacritic, it holds a score of 99, and on Rotten Tomatoes, is holds a perfect score of 100.

Overall, I would highly recommend this show to just about anyone who enjoys quality entertainment. If you plan to watch it, DO NOT WAIT FOR PERMISSION. GO WATCH IT IMMEDIATELY.