I appreciate the show for holding nothing back. I think it demonstrates how ridiculous the war on drugs is, while showing in detail the devastation drugs can have on one's life. This show demonstrates that most of the problems resulting from drugs are created by criminalizing people for such victim-less crimes. The residual victimizing drugs create are as a result of the illegality of them. It shows the hypocrisy of many issues, such as alcohol prohibition. as to how one day they can be illegal and the next day be legal. The DEA's wife is committing an actual crime such as theft, but it's OK when your husbands a DEA. Just got into the show and I busted out the first 2 seasons in the last few days and I'm just now getting into the 3rd. I have to admit the show gets a little draining, because it seems to have way too many lows and not enough highs. The wife thing got really draining for me... if I wanted to deal with that crap I would have gotten married... instead I watch this show and I feel like I am. It's like I totally understand about the wife's frustration and all, but do I really need to deal with it every frickin episode!!! What were they thinking... that's not fun to watch, man! I really hope the writers figure that crap out before the end of the 3rd season. The constant nagging between Mr. White and Jessie get's tiring and draining as well (mostly created by Mr. White). It takes 2 full seasons before the show even goes into a potential caring or friendship between the two of them. You have Mr. White being a total ahole to Jessie all the time and Jessie always on the defense. 95% of there interactions is one of them screaming at the top of their lungs at the other one... not entertaining, not fun, not funny, just really draining! When he lit the money on fire, I was honestly about to stop watching the show, but luckily he had a change of heart, because that would have been the straw that broke the camels back for me and I'm sure a lot of other people as well. The neighbor chick dying was really sad... also bummed because she was soooo hot, now I'm left spanking to sage brush. Anywho I rate the show a 10 because it's better then most the crap out there, and I like the message the show is portraying. Overall the show is mildly entertaining, it's nothing I would wait on in anticipation on weekly basis, but I know that's the case for a lot of the peeps into this show.