This is my first time reviewing a TV Show my previous reviews are from two Tom Hanks movies. Before, i don't watch a TV series mainly because it is too long and too many episodes. One day i saw Breaking Bad and saw its rating which is so High, This title makes me think, What makes it so highly rated and it is also in the most popular TV show even if it is ended. So i checked it online and binge watch it.

Let me just tell a little bit of the plot. Walter White played by Bryan Cranston is a chemistry teacher diagnosed with lung cancer. Because he doesn't have a money for the treatment he teams up with his former students Jesse played by Aaron Paul and start cooking crystal meth and sell it.

So here is my review, This is by far the best TV Show ever made. I never been so hooked in a TV show before then i saw this one and every episode of this show is a gem. The first season was great even if at the first episode you'll be thinking "what is it that I'm watching". I have said that when i first saw the pilot episode and then it makes sense. The show is not just about drugs, Its about human, How to make decision, How far will you go if you're in danger?, It's about family relationship. When is finish this show it just makes me feel alive. I have never felt that way in any other show or movies. This show will break your heart, Laugh in some episode and it also makes you feel angry because of the villains in thus show. This series is a MUST SEE show. If you haven't seen it, you probably will say that the best show is The Walking Dead but sorry it is a big NO. I become addicted to TV Show after watching this show, so i started watching other show but frankly i can't seem to find a TV Show as good as this not even close to its greatness.

In terms of performance of the characters, all of the main characters are excellent. Bryan Cranston as Walter White is one of the best performance I've ever seen in a television. Aaron Paul also did a great job in this series. Hank played by Dean Norris is a funny one and also a great actor. One of my favorite is also the character of Mike played by, Jonathan Banks. The villains where great, Gus and Tuco is my favorite. 

The show is not just a show, it is also an Art. I haven't seen a good cinematography as good as Breaking Bad. The cinematography of this series is well crafted. Sometimes i said to myself "How did they shoot that?". This show is only 5 Seasons and i felt like it is just too short, I want more of it. But the ending is satisfying even if i felt like i don't want to end. Because of being so addicted to it, I watched it for the second time and felt like i was watching this on first time. I almost forgot the music of each episodes is really great some of the soundtracks are in my Spotify playlist. 

I don't know if i spoil something on this review but I'm telling you guys who's reading this review. You will not regret watching this show. This is the BEST show even in the Television History. So please do watch the series if you saw this review. My rating for this a perfect 10 it really deserves a perfect score. If you like crime drama, you're gonna love this as much as i love this show.