When I first read about this series being called the the greatest in the history of television I was skeptical about such a superlative. But it turned out to be completely right. This series is so good that it will change the way you feel about television - everything else pales by comparison. Watch every single episode of this series.

The story is so cleverly constructed and well written yet not confusing - it sets new standards in writing. There are no wasted scenes so you can pay close attention to every scene. Things come together in unexpected yet plausible ways. The dramatic parts are more dramatic and emotionally draining than anything on television before. The dangerous parts are tenser than any action movie. And throughout the series there is a lot of comedy from the blackest of black comedy, to laugh out loud quirks of the various characters from Jesse to Saul to Lydia. The characters are so rounded that the viewer can feel for most of them whether hero or villain. Vince Gilligan and his writing team created a masterpiece.

The acting is superb all round. Bryan Cranston as Walter White is so believable and sympathetic he made one get completely on the side of a devoted husband and father turned criminal mastermind. He deserves his multiple Emmy awards. Equally perfect is Aaron Paul as Jesse Pinkman. He gives such intense and moving performances that his character is universally loved no matter how idiotic. You can feel his pain so clearly. RJ Mitte as the teenage son afflicted with cerebral palsy is very touching and heart rending at times. Anna Gunn plays a difficult character well. I know many hate Skyler for the kind of wife she is but Anna plays her superbly. Betsy Brandt is just as terrific as her sister Marie. Dean Norris as Hank the DEA agent shows vulnerability, heroism and tenacity that made his character very real. Supporting villains played by Giancarlo Esposito as the chilling Gus and the uptight Lydia played by Laura Fraser are all excellent. Bob Odenkirk is laugh out loud hilarious as Saul Goodman the sleaziest lawyer on TV. Jonathan Banks as Mike the fixer is just perfect too.

Who would think that a story about a dying teacher making crystal meth to provide for his family in New Mexico would be the basis for what truly is the greatest television series ever made.