Iv been hearing very good reviews about braking bad for a while now and seeing 9.5 on IMDb just made me a must watch on my TV shows to be watched list. I was pretty skeptical how would I present this to my wife as she loves to watch TV shows but reading short summary for Braking Bad made me overly cushion in which particular way will I approach to her. And boy did we have a blast on a five season marathon of pure TV show drama at it best :) I must say character developing in braking bad is just about as good as real life can offer. And drama, scripting, directing, casting, acting, music, plot development, twits it offers, wits in decision making, heart breaking moments, and at the end all things breaking bad just makes perfect sense in a world of Walter White and his family. I got a say that Bryan Cranston did outstanding job, performing his guts out making viewers to soak in like water in a sponge. What he did whit a Walter White character is just enormously, gigantic piece of art acting and he deserves to be put in TV shows annals as one of the best character acting of all times. He molds and twists hes charisma to the point that you just cant do better then it is :) And there is Jesse Pinkman - this guy slowly grows on you like a weed in a yard and it sticks whit you all the way to the end - you just cant get rid of him as much as you try - Aaron Paul is outstanding Jesse Pinkman to say the least :) Skyler (Anna Gunn) is beautifully incorporated as Walts beloved wife and she also get the same massive character development as Walt did - all those hard decisions Walt makes trough his career reflects on her as much as crystal clear mirror reflects our on image making us look for what we really are. Of Course, a joyable comedian of the show - Hank Schrader (Dean Norris) will make you feel on a threshold when the right time comes. The main thing, and this is why so many of us are hooked on breaking bad, besides the story, is how well taught and amazingly brilliant all those characters came together to form a master piece, a classic that will dwell in our minds for years to come :) Im absolutely overly stunned about how good this TV show is/was, and because of that Braking Bad is a must for all TV junkies out there - so prepare yourself for a ride of the decade and open your heart for truly amazing drama that will bring all the right emotions in you in just about perfect time. Enjoy!