Firstly I want to thanks AMC for bringing such a amazing experience to us "Breaking Bad". let me tell about pros and cons in point for better view :) 

Pros---> 1) Acting is never like this on TV before. 2) You will love the bad guy more than good guy. 3) All characters get space and no one will say that its one sided hero act. 4) "Hizenberg" or W.W (Bryan Cranston), I don't know but surely you are the best best actor when comes to acting. How on earth you change so much from season 1 to season 5. 5) Director "Vince Gilligan", only one sentence for you. You know exactly what to show and when to show. 6) Hank and Pinkman are like best person I ever seen, I cried when Hank was killed. 7) "Meth" is a unknown word for me before seeing Breaking Bad :) 8) And the best part , for no doubt that surely in bad way, there is pleasure and money. But the lose in the way is extreme and is shown in best way possible. I don't think anyone else in the world can do different than what Mr. White did. Even though Bad is Bad. Hence paid the price.. Bit sad for those good characters who died unnecessarily due to him, which shows bad have nothing good. Money Can't buy happiness ever.

Cons---> 1) Aaah tough to find .. Even though Season 1 was slow, but please somehow don't miss first 4 episodes. Theraafter you will love it. 2) Jisse stop saying "Bitch" word from Season 3, seems like to capture family audience, not good to see him so good :) . 3) This is a family show, so the pickle and soda not find much place, though the script and direction replace that beautifully. 4) I am sad about the ending, Hank didn't get justice, neither Marie or Walter bigger son. I am bit unhappy as it totally shows the bitter truth. May be I am expecting for happy ending which was not possible. 5) Walter White was the character to whom people love in starting and may be hate to some extend in the end, on the other side Pinkmen got vice versa result for the same. It defines how the time changes.

I don't want to really go with what was "Cons" seriously as It is the "Experience" i got for whole life time. 

#ThankYouBreakingBad