Generally, I only watch Sci-Fi, Horror and such-- but every once in a while I'm drawn to regular TV if it isn't run-of-the-mill Canned-Ha-Ha-Ha comedy or standardized Network Primetime Drama with the usual A-Z cast of Beautiful People pretending to mimic Real Life interspersed with Fun Commercials as the rest of us would Like it to be.

The storyline is simple: Ordinary Middle-class Teacher in an Ordinary Burb with ordinary Financial problems with an Ordinary Sucky Life finds out he has Cancer. Which makes every ordinary thing suck even worse. So he turned his Ordinary chemistry skills to Illegality so he can make some money--quick. And we get to watch the whole set of terrible, unfolding, yet still very ORDINARY set of events. And you just KNOW, it's not going down a very good road at all, but like a car with no brakes heading down a long mountain road, you have no choice but to clutch the wheel and hang on for dear life.

I've heard and read of this show described as black comedy. I wouldn't put it quite like that. Black Humor is the best phrase I can come up with-- but the humor is a brilliant side-effect of the story. It's somewhere in the middle-- as in between Black and Grey. . .like Charcoal: the type that comes off on your fingers.

I don't laugh or even chuckle; I wince. I cringe. I say: "Oh my god! No, No!" If this is comedy-- it's the comedy that Hurts and cuts. It's the laughter that comes out of an adult mouth that doesn't have a smile on it: and oh yes, he's laughing as only an Adult can.

The people in this show hold me because it isn't the parade of Beautiful People and Perfect Families that Hollywood and the Networks keeps trying to brainwash us with. Painfully ordinary. The houses, the school, the people, the motives, the lighting, the camera-work. And I am watching Working Man Walter White grasp for something lasting to keep hold of. . .and I am ROOTING for him!

This show is Different. It's Drama about Quiet Desperation with an edge of Black Humor that will touch a lot of Uncomfortable places that we are not used to seeing on our friendly Network Screens. Yet when you see it, you are shocked that the creators have DARED to film it and make it look so. . .plausible and painful. Bravo!!