It took me a while to discover Breaking Bad. I watched the whole four-and-a-half seasons to date back-to-back in late 2012, and have re-watched it all several times since that first viewing. It's quite simply the most engaging and original TV Series of the millennium thus far, and is filled with great characters. The combination of superb writing and fine acting is the best I've seen since NYPD Blue at its best. I highly recommend it.

The show's premise involves a high school chemistry teacher and serial under-achiever (Walter White, played by Bryan Cranston) hitting his fiftieth birthday. Despite having a background in Nobel Prize -winning research and being a bona fide genius in his field, Walt's life is a poster child for mid life crisis. He's teaching disinterested kids in a public high school by day, and supplementing his meagre income by working part-time in a local car wash outside school hours. Despite working hard, Walt still doesn't make enough money even to conduct basic repairs on his home, which he shares with his younger wife (played by Anna Gunn) and his mildly disabled son (played by R.J. Mitte.) Walt's moment of truth (and beginning of his various misadventures) comes when he collapses on the job at the car wash, and discovers he has advanced terminal lung cancer. Still ruminating about the fact that he never fulfilled his full potential, and concerned about the financial security of the family he'll soon have to leave behind, Walt gets home only to discover that his family and friends have thrown a surprise fiftieth birthday party for him. One of the attendees at said party is Walt's brother in law, Hank, who is a DEA agent. They watch a TV news item together about a DEA raid on a local methamphetamine lab. Walt sees the amount of money being taken out in boxes for the news cameras, and half a lightbulb goes off over his head. As Walt has shown an interest in the topic, Hank invites Walt to go on a "ride along" next time they conduct a raid. Walt accepts, and does indeed go along and sit in the car during their next raid. This enables him to see the mystery person the DEA has come to arrest - Jesse Pinkman, who also happens to be a former student of Walt's - escaping from an upstairs window. This causes the lightbulb above Walt's head to become fully lit. Walt later goes to see Jesse, and suggests that they "cook some meth together" (which will enable Walt to leave some money behind to support his family after he's dead.) This sets the series in motion for what has thus far been a four-and-a-half season roller-coaster ride, as Walt and Jesse make their way up through the local drug crime scene, with Walt adopting the pseudonym 'Heisenberg' to protect his real identity along the way, and Hank chasing the illusory and legendary Heisenberg.

What makes the story that Breaking Bad tells most interesting isn't the ostensible subject matter itself (drug crime and police dramas are genres that have been done to death in many other formats.) What makes it compelling is the journey that each of the individual characters takes. It's a story that at its heart is about the fundamental nature of Good and Evil, and what makes people fall into one camp or the other. Is it their motivations? Is it their actions?, or the consequences of same? There's a lot of moral dissonance to go around, with people doing bad things for good reasons and vice versa. From a purely utilitarian standpoint, part of the drama and engagement comes from inviting the audience to consider whether the ends justify the means in each case. Without giving too much of the wider plot away, Walt's character is certainly one with whom the audience at first has a great deal of sympathy and empathy. His cancer diagnosis can be considered a 'diabolus ex machina' - an unexpected and un-portended misfortune that motivates (and potentially excuses or at least explains) his actions and the morally-questionable decisions he makes. He struggles with the issues he faces, such as his concerns about providing for his family after his impending death. However, it's also fair to say that a lot of what drives Walt and has pushed him and his family into the position in which they now find themselves comes down to simple ego and a great deal of rationalising on Walt's part. That side of his character becomes more and more obvious to the audience as his journey from likable screwup Walt to the morally-questionable Heisenberg develops.

Other characters go through their own changes too. Walt's partner Jesse, his DEA Agent brother-in-law Hank, his wife Skyler and Hank's wife Marie each make their own individual journey through morality and the audience's sympathies. These journeys lead to discovery and enlightenment in some cases, and self-delusion and rationalisation in others. Each individual and intertwining story makes for an engaging analysis of the increasingly-abstract concepts of "Good" and "Evil", and all points in between. In terms of plot development, there is a large cast of minor characters that also make their mark, often by appearing for One Scene Only. They help the story retain a lighter, black comedy side. Without giving too much away, my favourite One Scene Wonders have included a fast-talking gun salesman, a German food technologist with a line in corny humour mixed with Teutonic efficiency, and a wily scrap yard owner that also appears to have a surprisingly-deep understanding of legal matters.

All-in-all, it's a great series that mixes drama, morality and black comedy in a unique and highly-entertaining package. I can't recommend it highly enough.