Shows come and go. Some suck, others don't. Of course it all comes down to your own opinion - your very own personal preference. Do you like this TV series? What about this one? Or maybe that one? When it comes to Breaking Bad, over the past few years (say, three, maybe four) I genuinely only come across positive talk regarding this very show. The acclaim is high and the ratings are solid. That's nice to know, and good to see. The reason as to why I believe this is a good thing, is because this show is simply fantastic. Irreplaceable? Actually, yeah. It can't be replaced, and not many shows can overtake it. Arguably, it's the greatest show of all time. Not my absolute personal favorite, however it certainly makes my top 5. I think in terms of favoritism, something I don't always note, it's probably my fourth favorite show of all time. But, it might very well be the least flawed and most serious of them all. The writing is unmatchable. I don't know how they did it, but they did it. And they did it damn good. There's some strong writing and character development when it comes to Breaking Bad. Two of the many reasons to give it a viewing.

Critics can think what they want when it comes to movies or TV shows. It's whatever, you know? They're doing what they're doing, so whatever. I know that I, for one, think that this is one of the most amazing things to ever come on TV. And with that being said, this is actually a critics' favorite, not just a fan favorite. So many critics love this show. Critics and fans alike, the show has gained a massive following and if you check sites such as this one, and Metacritic, maybe Rotten Tomatoes, whatever, you will see that this is one of the very highest rated shows out there. I think it might be the highest rated show ever made. Why not, though? It deserves all the love it receives. Breaking Bad was fantastic. Here's a few solid reasons why: 1) The characters. They were likable, man. Not all of them, but loads of them. Your main protagonist (or, as said, I think he's more an, "ant-hero"), Walter White. Sidekick, Jesse Pinkman. Hank. Gus. Mike. Flynn. Crazy-8. Saul. There were tonnes of fantastic characters. Tonnes, man.

2)The writing. Wow, some of the, if not the best writing for any series ever. No wonder why every episode is great to watch. Yeah, every. They're all great. Interesting, enjoyable, they go through many, many things. The topics at hand can be extremely detailed and anticipating. It's brilliant.

3) The chemistry. This is a two-part thing. At first it was a pun, but nah, it stands for two things. The chemistry (topic) like, the science seen in the show - but also, the chemistry between characters, particularly main characters, Walter and Jesse. Firstly, Walter is a genius. He's extremely intelligent, and his chemistry skills are to no limits. He's a very smart man, hence why the show revolves around him and all topics that we see. Secondly, the brotherly-love between Jesse and Walt grows and continuously grows. It's wonderful. It's nice to see and it's one of the best relationships of any show. I love how they work together. It's interesting and it makes the show even better.

4) The actual seasons themselves. As the show progresses, each season just gets better and better than the previous season. Season One, great. Two, fantastic. Three, absolutely amazing. Four, pure genius, masterpiece status. 5, parts I and II, masterpiece status up until its strong, heavy, hard-hitting, face-melter of a conclusion. It. Never. Gets. Boring. It just gets better and better, like I said. And hey, that's a damn good thing, because it keeps you even more interested and evokes the viewer. It's a brilliant thing.

5) Its ending. Since this does include spoilers, I will say. When Walt dies at the end of the series, you may feel sad, but you just know that the last episode, right up until its ending, was fantastic and could not have been done any better. It was pure wonderful and the episodes' writing was terrific. The show had obviously progressed so much by the time it ended so, I won't go in to exact detail regarding the particular villains/antagonists or whatever, but man was the finale incredible. They couldn't have pulled off the second part to Season Five any better than they did, hence why it's like one of the highest rated Seasons of any show. Personally, I like Part I more but the best episode of any of the two parts was either the second last episode of 5 part II, "Ozymandias," or the very last episode itself, "Felina." Those two were really damn good. "Dead Freight," from the first part of Season Five, is also incredibly well-done and well-written.

Breaking Bad was an array of some of the finest, most watchable episodes in history. Coming from someone who has saw hundreds of TV shows, being able to say Breaking Bad makes my top five is quite nice. There was a damn where I was completely and utterly obsessed with the show, and binge watched it not once, but twice. It was great. And although I love all five seasons, my order from favorite to least favorite would be (even though they're all really, really great): 4, 3, 5.1, 5.2, 2, 1. One helluva series. Walter White is one of the greatest characters ever created --- Jesse is fantastic too. Major props to Bryan Cranston. Nobody else could have played Walt. He was perfectly cast. It was definitely the right choice; the only choice. And Aaron Paul was cast perfectly to play Jesse too. As I said, their chemistry (between them) was successful and splendid, and it made the show so good.

10/10.