Before I began to live vicariously in the world of Breaking Bad, I was under the impression that this series was simply about a chemistry teacher who, upon learning he had cancer, started to cook meth. However, after several days of Netflix gorging I realized this show is beyond the surface of modern television; a show devoted to the emotional investment of its viewers through genuine characters. At the core, Breaking Bad is an embodiment of Walter White and his gross transformation from the common-place principles of the average suburban family man to the moral confliction of a meth manufacturer. Very often, the dance between life and death and right and wrong invites us to question our moral flexibility amidst circumstance. Why do we root for a person doing an illegal and dangerous thing? 

Clearly, the sharpest turning point of the series is the arrival of Gustavo Fring and the food chain facade of his drug kingdom. Here Walter sees power and most notably the threat to his life. This threat eventually leads to White's murder of Gus, invigorating White to hungrily fill the void of power. Season 5 showcases Walt at his darkest and unveils Jessie's true innocence in an unfortunate circumstance. Truly, Jessie's suffering has been wielded by his "partner" , but Walt's motives show a conniving selfishness. 

Amidst these concerns, Walt's family is taken under fire, especially when Hank discovers who Walt really is. Skyler, particularly, transforms from an effervescent yet firm mother into a pitiful apparition trying desperately to protect the man she (deep-down) loves. In the third to last episode, Ozymandias, we see how truly menacing Walter can appear ( his "abduction" of Holly, purported killing of Hank, and backlash at his wife), but his love for his family still drives him, though less than his self-centered thirst for power. Ultimately, Walt is a good person, forced to make immoral decisions to save himself.

Overall, this shows is a tour-de-force and reaches the pinnacle of television on every tier of the process. When your done your gonna wish you can relive it again, only more closely and more appreciatively. You'll never watch anything better.