Calling Breaking Bad a drama is a gross understatement. It transcends all other dramas and all other shows of any category. Watching the pilot is like reaching into a bag of potato chips and pulling out the first chip. It's delicious and tasty and you want to eat the whole bag.  The main character is Walter White, an extremely overqualified high school chemistry teacher who has gone through most of his life without making any decisions for himself. He has a wife who loves him and a disabled son and his unconditional love for them is amazing. During his second job at a run down carwash, he passes out and is sent to the hospital where he finds out he has stage 4 inoperable lung cancer. Walt's reaction to this news is one of the most brilliant things I've seen. The doctor is explaining it to him and all Walt can think about is a mustard stain on the doctor's lab coat. It's the perfect metaphor for Walt's personality. The combination of cancer and everyone trampling all over him his whole life causes him to "break bad" and do what he needs in order to provide for his family, even if that includes cooking meth. Walt didn't just decide on meth out of the blue though. His brother in the DEA takes him to a meth lab bust where he runs into an old student, Jessie. Jessie is an underachieving punk who cooks and sells meth in his free time. Walt sees him as a business partner and it's the beginning of a beautiful and twisted friendship. Walt uses his chemistry expertise to cook the best meth anyone has seen and Jessie helps him distribute. The struggles that Walt and Jessie go through keep you on the edge of your seat to the point where you fall off. All of the acting in the show is amazing. We instantly see ourselves in Walt and the whole point of the show is that none of us would do any different if we were him. I don't know how perfect writing, perfect acting, and perfect cinematography all came together in one show, but it's a perfect storm that will never happen again (and wont last forever due to the cancer eating away at Walt). It's the best show I've ever seen by far and it puts all other shows to shame. A few episodes in and you'll be addicted to it like meth and you'll love every second. 