My brother recommended this show to me a year ago or so because he said it was the best show he had ever seen. I got lucky and saw they were playing the re-runs starting from the first episode on AMC and playing them in order. After the first three episodes I was completely hooked. Best three episodes of TV I have ever seen. And it only gets more gripping from there. Watching this show is like watching something that could take place in real life in the third person. It is 100% realistic and makes you believe your neighbor or someone you know could be doing the same thing. The writers in the show are just so amazingly clever and unpredictable. Absolutely no clichés and magnificent story telling. Some of these so clever events I guarantee will make your jaw drop in awe. Of course the main character has two years to live so it is no mystery that he will die eventually. So you pretty you have a guy who decides, as the title suggests, to 'Break Bad'. Which pretty much means get as much money as possible manufacturing and selling crystal meth to support his wife, teenage son (who has cerebral palsy), and soon to-be daughter. His brother in-law works for the DEA also and is always one step away from catching Walt, which only adds to the tension.

So he teams up with a former low life student who has connections to get their product on the market. The relationship between him and this student is by far the most electric in the show. They are both EXCELLENT in this show and even more in their scenes together. There chemistry, no pun intended, is just perfect. The acting from the rest of the cast is just terrific also. Anyway, this show is one of the best, if not best shows EVER to air on television. Definitely my favorite. If you are looking for a show that will keep you engaged for the full 40 minutes, with few laughs, some top-notch drama, acting, scenarios, and unpredictability, this one is for you. Definitely give it a try if you have not seen it. You will be glad you did.