Pure art. Pure suspense. Pure thrill. Pure comedy. Pure story. Pure meth!

You know what movies (particularly drama), show us? Actors playing some story making the audience, think it as a real life experience. But whatever movie/TV series it is, at some point of time, you get disengaged with grip of the reality of drama and think, that actually is a movie. Of course, who am I kidding! it is a movie. But do you want to get an experience where you wouldn't feel like you're watching a movie, but rather to have a kind of immersion in the story and get all the excitement and suspense you'd get in your life, if Breaking Bad's story happened for real? Then, don't turn your back on this.

From beginning to end, you feel like you're watching the one that happened to be in television's most dark and thrilling adventurous storyline you'd ever experience as a real one in life.

For people who say the play is slow and dull - First of all, you people don't get the sense of an art of making a movie. For the watcher, to believe, director should develop a storyline to be real. So I suggest, while you're watching this, and if you get bore, then rethink. Because that part of the scene will be a prerequisite for rest of the plot. Every frame, every scene, pays off!

For people who say the play consists uncanny bloodshed and obnoxious language - Yes, it does. But, do you want to get the reality of situations the actors face according to the plot? If no, then don't watch.

I am not exaggerating here but I'd say this - If I ever get a supernatural power to erase a part of memory from my brain, then I'd delete the memory what is considered to be the experience I got from breaking bad. Just because, I can watch it again. Nevertheless, no matter how many times you watch, you just scratch your head, how brilliant this is.

Finally, for people who haven't seen it yet - I envy you guys. But, only if you want to watch. Breaking bad is a benchmark. I doubt any TV series surpasses this in the future.