I don't often begin singing a show's praises until I've seen most of the series and it has been canceled. Even less often do I come on here and write a review for it. But in the past two weeks as I've begun watching Breaking Bad I have the same kind of excitement for this show as I've had in the past with other favorite shows of mine like The X-Files or Lost.

As I watched the first few episodes I kept switching from laughing hysterically to feeling very serious and grave to feeling empathy for some characters then hate for the same characters later. You immediately think you have each person pegged into a stereotype, and for the most part you are right on with it, but as you get to know them, you begin to love them anyway despite their flaws and the things you hate about them.

Of course the cinematography and all that is great too, but that is not usually what I look for in a show, at least not consciously. If you do then all the more power to you and this show does a great job with that as well. But for me a show is about story, characters, great acting, and how the show makes you feel as you watch it. This show has all of the above.

The title of a show can at times have some awesome significance as well, and for me "Breaking Bad" has a couple different meanings. One, Walt and Jesse are two of the most unlikely drug lords and because of this they end up really stirring things up in the crime scene. Second, breaking bad in the same sense that you would say a plane broke left or right. In other words turning bad. It happens gradually at first and then suddenly you're headed in a completely different direction. Watching the evolution of Walt's character has felt this way to me. He started slow with just cooking a little meth and selling through Jesse, but soon he's offing local distributors, getting run down by the cartel, and at the same time his family life falls apart.

Needless to say I am impressed with the show and I think it has been impeccably handled plot-wise to allow for the story to head in just about any direction at any given time and I look forward to seeing what else is in store.