I caught wind of the popularity of Breaking Bad after an interest created by the shows original advertising. However it was not on at a time I could watch. But when it became available on NetFlix to stream I decided to watch it. Great decision! Breaking Bad is overall possibly the most satisfying show I've ever watched. There is an element of everyman in the story in that our main character is a man of potential who was persuaded to take the risk adverse path in life and now finds himself with terminal cancer and the very common reality of bad insurance after a lifetime of hard work, all that is going to leave his family with nothing and him dying a miserable death at the hands of the cure. A very real story grounded in most peoples mind through relations and seeing this horrible story play out. Granted not everyone has the missed chance to have been part of a hugely successful corporation, but everyone had regrets. Age and hindsight at missed opportunities are simply part of life, Walter White's were just of having given up his share in a billion dollar corporation to settle for teaching high school and struggling financially through his sons expensive health. All the foundation for a story that may be born of middle age regrets resolved, but what a great ride. There are several layers to the story. W.W. being a good father, good guy with regrets, facing death and a bad HMO. The "average guy" going rouge and creating more money in a few years than he can even launder doing what would consider immoral. Then the effects on the man from being an average guy "taking what the world dumps on him" turning him into his alias "Heisenberg" which he chooses as an ironic name but by the end of the series has lost his moral direction in becoming a drug lord supplying crystal meth to the southwest and eastern Europe making hundreds of millions. The thing that makes this show great is how it hits home with real life subjects at the same time as taking us on a wild ride in so many directions that it is amazing that they wrote this series with these many story lines and yet managed to bring closure to every important one in a satisfying way. The bizarre relationship between Jesse and his former teacher Walter White ("Mr. White" LOL!!!) to Heisenberg who would do just about anything to secure money to care for his family but in the end unable to give them a penny of the hundreds of millions he made while losing himself in a life of mass production of an incredibly pure form of crystal meth. The show is one wild ride in which we are drawn in to care about the characters yet resolve ourselves to certain realities like the one that W.W. must die. No other show I've ever watched has managed to draw me in to care so much and manage to bring closure to most every aspect of the many story lines created and by the end closed with authority. Aside from our last views of Jesse riding off into the night, we know that he is free. The final episode left me numb for quite some time, and the choice of 'baby blue' as the song to play during those last few minutes as the magnitude of what just had happened sank in was brilliant. Walter White becoming Heisenberg had become a slave to the pride he took in his blue meth that took the streets by storm and made him rich beyond imagination with money he couldn't spend or leave to those he loved. But he went out on his terms taking out those who deserved it and setting free those who deserved it. There are few exceptional shows any longer, but Breaking Bad would get an 11 on a 10 point scale if possible for among the many shows and movies I have been captivated by in my over half century walking this earth, none had quite the effect of Breaking Bad and managed to finish what it started so thoroughly.

Watch it, savor every moment, there will only be one first time!!!!