Master Meth Maker Creation

Created and produced by G. Vince Gilligan OBE's going his way - just like the late Spike Milligan. Well, now then lets see where on earth do I begin? Parts of this poetic parable can be gruesomely grim! So let me just say you need to keep an open mind. Don't take those things to heart if they sound so unkind. Think - could you? - should you? or would you dare? It looks as though this character doesn't even care! Cringe's a certainty in this leading series from USA. What do you think you'd of done on such a doomed day? Well, Walt was out to make mounds of money come what may. Keeping the debt collectors and mere money miseries at bay. Stopping poor Skyler from worrying and of course going grey! Everybody loves Breaking Bad because everyone says so. It is easy on the eye when folk can just go with the flow. B.B. is in the Guiness book for being the highest rated show. It is the epitome of writing that's all I think and all I know. Our love for this damned good program seems to grow and grow. I guess you can definitely say that this bloke is Breaking Bad. Why he was willing to throw away all that he as ever had. Walt wants to give a fine financial future for his family. Mr White knows they will turn on his actions angrily. Walter had a job as a chemistry teacher in high school. Also in a car wash called A1 not too particularly cool. That name should get them to the top of anybody's list. Top of the Boss's list was to make Walt miserably pi***d! Now his main aim is Making Meth in the mobile RV. Doing the deed gets done where nobody can see. Only ending in one way I'm sure you'll agree. Would it be a dreadful D - I - V - O - R - C - E? Or more tragically a trip to the Hospitals A&E? So why did this guy turn to a complicated life of corrupt crime? Did he want to live life differently - this time be more sublime? It all starts when a Sir called Walter White finds out he is dying. His treatment costs so much money - now there is no denying. We certainly can't condone - for this gent is only trying. It's unlawful what he's making it really is high flying! "Blue Ice" is so pure the meth heads can't help buying! While the whole time this Master Meth maker's bare faced lying! Causing many people heartache they only end up crying. At times his acts are barbaric and seem totally unfair. Is the reason because the treatment has zapped out all his hair? Though his needs are a must so who can really blame him? It's not like us humans don't divulge in the odd sin. Walter seems to take the news of Cancer in his stride. If you ask me it is a big deal and can be tricky to hide. Walt seems to be enjoying this repulsing roller coaster ride. Guilt is way too much but it's really a small price to pay. All his loving family and friends in Albuquerque he'd betray. Especially his brother in law - Hank who is in the D.E.A. Hank gives Walt insight on how to keep the feds at bay. Helps him keep one step ahead thus avoiding any feds raids. Mr W. is involved in one of the biggest illegal drug trades. Shouldn't think it will bring this mad man many accolades. Fortunately Hank hasn't a clue - not one little idea. At times it's like the end of these shenanigans are near. Walt's decided to cover his identity with just one major word. Came up with the name of a chemist called - Heisenberg. Of course he needed a right hand man with know how and nouse. Jesse Pinkman's who it is he ends up losing his way and a house! Some would say he was a degenerate scumbag or simply a louse. Walter liked his guts and also that he could be as timid as a mouse. Named Captain Cook Jesse knew all ins and outs of the game. So to him it's simply second nature though to us it's quite insane! This pair tettered on the edge of fear never a day that's mundane. Do you think Heisenberg really wanted to cause his family so much pain?