"Breaking Bad" is not just any TV Show and calling it such would trivialize such an unbelievable exercise into it's brilliance which personifies the great heights that can be achieved on the small screen. The reason I consider it being under-rated is because it is proving to be leaps and bounds above every other show in it's time (barring Game of Thrones) and it's progression is not merely surprising but awe-inspiring and has not received the praise warranted till very recently.

Created by Vince Gilligan, it tells the story of Walter White, an under-achieving genius chemist who after being diagnosed with cancer that would lead to his inevitable death decides to cook meth to save money for his family once he passed on. What starts out as a sort of "valiant" attempt in taking care of his family, turns into a world which transforms him due to the incidents that befall him during this endeavour. "Breaking Bad" was a very good show in it's first three seasons, but since then it has transformed itself into being one of the greatest and boldest achievements in TV History.

Central to it's brilliance is it's amazing cast. Bryan Cranston, who was best known for being the goofy father in "Malcolm in the Middle" has against all the odds transformed that image to show us the versatility that is as surprising as it is riveting. He is more than ably supported by Aaron Paul and Anna Gunn (who has been at her best in Seasons 4 and 5)who complement the nature of the duplicity that has become a part of Cranston's life. Even though the writing in the show is brilliant, it is the portrayal of the actors of their characters which really brightens the material as they portray their metamorphosis with a brilliant pace and realism which one would not think would be possible (especially from Gunn). Solid supporting performances are provided by Betsy Brandt, Dean Norris and Bob Odenkirk. The most memorable supporting performances however come from Jonathan Banks, Giancarlo Esposito and Mark Margolis, the latter two being awarded deserved Emmy nominations this year.

However, all this would not have been possible had it not been for Vince Gilligan who brings us a world where ordinary people are faced with extraordinary circumstances and their battle to be able to live through them. The show is more of a testament towards survival than anything else and Gilligan's protagonist (White) is central to the vision of his creation.

All that being said, Cranston is it's highlight. His metamorphosis is the testament to what I think is what translates Gilligan's perspective. Season 5 is delving into the aspect even further and his brilliance as a character actor is evolving immensely which carries the show even though he is surrounded by very capable performances around him. 

I am saddened by the fact that the show does not have much longer to go, but whatever conclusions do transpire, it was a privilege to see a character who could go toe-to-toe with some of the most memorable TV characters of all time. We are witnessing the rebirth of Bryan Cranston and he is stamping his revival with a show we will never forget. A lot of people are picking up on it recently, if you belong to this crowd at the moment I suggest you join the bandwagon because it is an experience which you will never forget.