It's amazing that a show this dark can be so compelling. It's amazing that a show about a man committing multiple felony drug crimes, murders, body dissolving and other heinous acts can, at the same time, be so funny and touching and sensitive. 

I don't believe I've ever seen a television show that I've fallen in love with more quickly than Breaking Bad. If you didn't love the characters so much, it would be really difficult to gut it out through the last two seasons, but this show never loses its steam.

I'm currently watching the series for the third time through ... and I am finding new things in each episode that I missed on second viewing, making this a delight even though I've now lived through the entire thing.

I started watching Breaking Bad sometime in the second or third season, I think. After a quick binge to catch up, the hook had been set, and I remember waiting agonizing months waiting for the new season to begin ... something I have only experienced with perhaps two other shows.

Now that it is complete, I realize something -- I was not disappointed by a single episode or by even one creative choice the writers made. There was no letdown, even though there was no "formula" episode-to- episode, which is in itself a rarity. It was one linear story from start to finish, and oh, what a journey -- told with true knowledge of the characters and a kind of thought-provoking cinematography that drove the story instead of distracting from it.

The characters are so dynamic and so real, and by "real" I mean you get sick of their crap at times just like you get sick of your own friends and family. There are some really annoying moments with characters: Skyler and her insistence that everyone on the show kiss her ass and apologize to her until she thankfully gets with the program, Jesse's junkie blubbering and punched-face blubbering and all-around blubbering -- which I guess has to happen, the poor dude goes through some awful stuff, thanks mostly to Walt.

In short, you become so committed to the bitter end, waiting for that final shoe to drop on Walt, to see his final retribution and his ultimate destruction -- and when it comes, brother, it is soooo sweet. 

You know that somewhat morbid saying that a situation is "like a bad car wreck because you can't look away?" Breaking Bad is a story about a wreck in which the car picks up speed for five years heading the wrong way down the expressway, clumsily at first, but then eventually approaching 200 miles per hour with some dazzling near misses along the way until it ends with the perfect synchronized marriage of justice, poetry, violence and karma -- a staggering master stroke, a long-overdue release from the grip of criminal slavery and a career neatly wrapped up with the death of a character that no one can feel sorry for, yet no one can blame. 

I cried because I wanted more; I clapped because it all ended so beautifully -- I cried just because it was over, and it may well be a long time before I am as fascinated with a television character as I was with Walter Hartwell White.

This is certainly a must-watch television series.