some people say for this series that everything bad must come to an end which is not completely true. everything both good or bad must come to an end. This is by far one of the best TV series ever. This series keeps getting better and better as the season progressed. Its not an action packed series but when they come they blow your mind. This is really serious and dark drama series but with great comedy scenes in them. Its not sitcom comedy but more of situation based. 

This series also show the dark side of drug world. No matter how people try their hardest to act 'its just all fun' or 'its just another business' this is just not true. As soon as the main characters enter into drug scene they started facing extremely evil people one after another and no matter how much both Walter and Jesse tried to stay away from violence, it was just impossible in the world of Drugs. And before they could do anything they were deep into it and now to survive they started to turn into the same evil people.

Actions have consequences and they started to pile up for both Walt and Jesse, the only thing helping both guys to survive was the brilliance of Walt and Loyalty of Jesse. As the brilliance started to get more evil, Loyalty was shading away and once it was gone everything started to break. 

The series is slow in the start but it just keep getting better and builds up the story for its extreme jaw dropping moments. This series is so good that once my friends (who were new to American TV) watched it they don't like anything anymore.

Even though the dark theme of the series and some really gruesome events happening throughout the series, it was still keeping a standards of more like PG-13 level of evilness except season 5. Because of 2nd last episode, season 5 is now on last best season in my list(of breaking bad). that episode didn't required at all. disturbing content of season 5 push it to Rated-R level. 

Anyways Still the best TV series out there. The people who don't like extreme violence can still enjoy this series.