First off I have never been one to describe anything as perfect in the past. Every girl, show, movie, book, etc. I can always find a flaw with anything especially TV shows and movies other people think are amazing. But I must admit breaking bad is the most amazing TV show; from the acting, plot, writing, directing, and cinematography it is dare I say: perfect! Highly recommend if your a fan of dark comedies, or good filmmaking in general. I didn't think shows could get much better than "the wire" or "it's always sunny in Philadelphia". It's even up there, or perhaps better than, such films as "pulp fiction" and "the shawshank redemption". Anyway enough complimenting this show, lord knows it has enough recognition it doesn't need me to say anything. But I will leave you with this thought, every other show I have seen in the past, when I found out it was getting canceled I was relieved since most shows have run their course by this time so I want to see how it is closed out and say goodbye for good. Not only did I not want breaking bad to be canceled but I felt it was getting better every season and needed a few more seasons to do it justice. On the bright side is you won't get bored and begging for the end, you will be begging for Vince Gilligan so release the missing seasons in the future sometimes. So if you are an intelligent, open-minded person who appreciate good television and is sick of the other 95% of mindless garbage that ruins TV, "Breaking Bad" is the show for you! If you watch this show and do not like it, please email me, I am curious to see what the reason is since I have never met someone who has seen the show and not loved it. Possible reasons you won't love breaking bad: 1) Your idea of a great show is "here comes honey boo-boo" or "lizard lick towing", I'm which case there is no hope for you anyway so do not waste your time filling your head with any form of intelligent programming. 2) You are a recovering meth-addict and the sight or name "meth" sends your life into a downward spiral where your selling your body for 5$. In which case I understand and wouldn't recommend this show, i would recommend counseling. 3) You are a hipster douschebag so the thought of liking something that everyone likes drives you crazy. So now you need to prove how much of an individual you are and go against the grain so enjoying this show would be like "being a sheep" or something like that. So instead of watching this show smoke your electronic cigarette indoors so people can say "sir you can't smoke in here", and you can promptly reply "how it's not a real cigarette it is water vapor" "I only smoke it to get attention it's not harmful to anyone's physical health, only mental health. 4) And last reason you won't love breaking bad: you died and now your a ghost and can't change the channel to put it on cuz the dumb-ass human you are haunting continues to watch a marathon of "hard-core pawn" while chain-smoking crystal meth and e-cigs.