Usually I don't write reviews , but after watching this TV series twice i was bound to write this review. I 've tried to keep it short. The season 1 starts with our 'HERO' Walter white and his sidekick Jesse pinkman struggling with their daily lives. Then Mr.white gets to know about his cancer and he decides to break bad after suffering all of his life . In the process he befriends Jesse pinkman and starts to cook meth( This is the base plot. No spoilers.). In this process several situations are faced by our hero and his family. With many hilarious situations and thrilling twists we watch this show called 'Breaking Bad'.

SCREENPLAY AND WRITING: This is the strongest part of the show. Attention is given to every minute details. Very strong detailing . The chemistry part of the show is also very accurate. The creator Vince Gilligan along with the other writers has written some fantastic stuff. The best since 'The Sopranos'. The actors get to perform to their peak because of the tight writing . The stories are very relate able to our real lives, you can feel the helplessness of Mr.white or the agony of Jesse. Simply outstanding. I have to mention the episode 'Ozymandia', its insanely brilliant , i've watched the episode like 50 times( Seriously , i'm not exaggerating). The first two seasons are for story building and character build up. The real havoc starts from third season . Each is multiplying brilliant than its previous. I mean it. The writing is so strong that every episode grows on you, though you have to patient in the first two seasons but you are waiting for fireworks ,sister! There are some insanely funny scenes which nicely blends with the drama.

ACTING: Well what can i say about it , its the best i've seen on the television. Bryan Cranston has got into my list of top 10 actors . I cant imagine anyone playing Walter White except him. The transition of a good family man to a bad-ass drug lord , Cranston makes it believable. It seems that he is unapologetic of his actions but deep inside he is guilty. Each and every reaction of his under any circumstances is just so unreal i'll say , the way he does it ,its, its just (every positive superlatives in the dictionary). Now we come to Jesse Pinkman played by Aaron Paul ,my favorite character. Paul is so good that he will make you fall in love with Jesse . The way he burst out his angst , his agony , his sorrows , his loneliness is commendable , he deserves every allocades for his work . The chemistry between Mr.White and Jesse is a delight to watch. In some scenes Aaron makes look Cranston an average actor (yes he is that good) . Their complex relation gets even complex with each season . They are a delight. Then there is Anna Gunn playing Skylar White. Man she is damn hot!!! But she is a hotter actress. She completes Walter white ,without her white is very much incomplete. In the emotional scenes she is the one to beat (Paul is equally good). There are dozen of actors who should get a description like this,but it would be very exhaustive process. But i would like to tell you they are equally good as Cranston, Paul and Anna. 

FINAL VERDICT : I could discuss a 100 page review with you all , that much i've to say for it. I would say i m addicted to it . Yes , it is the best show ever , though i've not seen all the shows, but i don't need to . I can guarantee you , you have not experienced something this never before and never will you after this. It will grow on you like a virus. Specially the last season is a blockbuster, and the finale is ... Man i've no words. Please watch it . You'll regret it for your whole lifetime if you wont watch it. You are in for a cracker. Hope you all will find this review helpful.