First off, I watch almost nothing on TV. Never watch 'The Office' never seen E.R. never seen '30 Rock' have no idea what 'Malcolm in the Middle' is about, and don't care. Basically I'd given up hoping for anything decent on television. Been watching TV for long enough (since the 1960's) to recognize the same exact plot/story lines with new characters plugged in. Then along came specialty cable networks - The Soprano's, The Wire, Boardwalk Empire, Weeds, even Californication caught my attention with its offbeat humor...the old formulaic TV went out the window. 'Lost' started out great, turned to the ridiculous later on. 

'Breaking Bad' is simply excellent, right up there with the best stuff ever on TV, and manages to sustain excellence right through 4 1/2 seasons. Vince Gilligan - where have I heard that name before? Oh yeah! X-Files! The last show on regular TV I ever liked and watched regularly (till the last 2 crap seasons), back in the 90's! No WONDER this show is so good! 

Breaking Bad also remains quite plausible - drug lords start out somewhere, after all, they aren't born into it. They rise to the top through clever manipulation and ruthlessness. The 'Walt' character contains both characteristics beautifully, high intelligence and a willingness to do anything to get what he wants. If you don't believe these type people exist, I invite you to watch any true-crime show like "American Greed" - Gee, he seemed like such a nice guy?... turned out to be a ruthless killer like the mafia hit-man "The Iceman" who maintained a perfectly normal family life for 30 years while going about his business murdering people. Fiercely protective "The Iceman" simply murdered anyone who dared threaten his family. We see the same sort of ruthlessness in the Walt character. 

Normally the instant I hear any "rap-speak" on television I change the channel - but Jesse is great! I never thought I would say my favorite character is a rap-speaking idiot! Played and written to absolute perfection, with just the right amount of pathos and goofy humor. Although I don't care much for Walt's wife and her babbling know-it-all sister, they are both somewhat annoying, perhaps meant to be so. 

This show is a 'must watch' in my opinion, in the Top 10-20 of the best shows ever on TV.