Breaking Bad is just one of those shows that is intelligently written with brilliant acting. Everything about it is top notch. Bryan Cranston who is well known to TV audiences for his role in Malcolm in the Middle is cast against type as anti-hero Walter White. Aaron Paul nails it perfectly as small time criminal Jesse Pinkman.

Walter White (Bryan Cranston) is an overqualified high school chemistry teacher who is struggling to make ends meet with his loving wife Skyler (Anna Gunn) and his son Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte) who has to live with cerebral palsy. When Walter is diagnosed with Stage 3A inoperable lung cancer, Walter must find a way to ensure his family is financially secure after he passes away. Walt embarks on a career of drugs and crime by forming an uneasy alliance with Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul), one of Walter's former students turned small time criminal. Together with Walt's brilliant scientific knowledge and Jesse's street smarts they both start manufacturing and selling a unique "blue sky" methamphetamine which proves to be a success in the drug market. Walt must also keep this hidden not only from his family but his brother in law DEA Agent Hank Schrader (Dean Norris) and his wife Marie (Betsy Brandt) who is also Skyler's sister. Under the pseudonym "Heisenberg" Walter transforms from a moral, mild mannered citizen to a ruthless, intimidating criminal.

Bryan Cranston was a true deserved recipient of every accolade and award for his role as Walter White. He was fantastic and without a doubt this will be a very memorable moment for the rest of his career.

Aaron Paul as Jesse Pinkman was a breakout role for him. Previously known for bit parts in an assortment of movies, Breaking Bad certainly put Aaron Paul on the map. Here he shines alongside Bryan Cranston.

Creator Vince Gilligan who cut his teeth on The X Files has produced a brilliantly intelligent TV series that has never had one dull moment. There's plenty of dark humour, shock moments, mature themes that explore the ugly side of the drug lifestyle, and non-stop moments that will make you smile. The show still retains a lot of realism and believability and nothing is over exaggerated nor over the top in order to entertain and attract viewers. The cinematography was also brilliant and captures not only Walter White and Jesse Pinkman's interactions, but also the supporting characters that hold up the show. Breaking Bad was also well known for being (in)famous for putting Albuquerque, New Mexico well and truly on the map. Albuquerque is also well known for attracting a large number of loyal fans of Breaking Bad with fans spotting Walter's house and Jesse's house as well as certain spots where Breaking Bad was filmed.

Breaking Bad is definitely one of the finest shows of all time and well and truly deserved every single acclaim. Even though the show ran from 2008-2013, there are still many fans of the show that still sing its praises. Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul will also be remembered for their best roles of their respective careers.

Breaking Bad is still a pleasure to revisit, and those that have not seen the series yet are missing out on top notch television at its finest.

A well deserved 10/10.