Vince Gilligan is an absolute genius! I praise him, Cranston, Paul and every single person who had anything to do with this outstanding, inspirational (when coming to acting) and genuinely great show. Brayn Cranston goes from being a mild-mannered, just-turned 50, genius Chemistry teacher who has recently been diagnosed with inoperable lung- cancer to an even higher level of genius, expert, crime-lord, drug making kingpin wanted all over. 

Walter Hartwell White, from Albuquerque, New Mexico, is a mastermind Chemistry teacher who recently gets diagnosed with inoperable lung- cancer that says it'll kill him within a short two years. With the remaining thoughts and sleep continuing to elude him, he comes to a sort of conclusion after seeing his D.E.A Agent, brother-in-law, Hank show them a tape of him formerly busting a drug apartment. Walter asks Hank how much money can be found from these types of things. After Hank names an unholy amount, and that being a "at the least" type of view, Walt comes to, yet again, another conclusion, thinking that with only a few years left to live, this could really help with his family's financial future for when he's not around. 

Walt attends a drug bust with his brother-in-law, Hank to see for himself and whilst sitting in the car, notices that as they go in and raid the place for Methamphetamine, one of his former Chemistry students of his that basically flunked it and lost interest with it after many failures and what have you, etc tries to escape via window, and eventually manages to after falling. He sees Walt and mumbles a bit after knowing that Walt has now seen him and that of all the people to see him escape, it had to be him, Walter. Walt tracks him back a little later on, only to ask his former student if he wants to team up with him, and make Crystal Meth. Jesse, as played by Aaron Paul and known as the former student, agrees, after Walt explains further and says that "He knows the business" while Walt "Has the Chemistry". From there on, what you will experience is one of the greatest shows in absolute history. Everything is amazing about this incredible show. The acting, the dramatic acting is so...wow! The scenery and set-up, the story itself, the episodes 'abouts', the transformation, the character development, the writing, producing, directing.....EVERYTHING! It's absolutely great. It's off the scale, it surpasses everything!

If you've not seen 'Breaking Bad', I suggest you start watching it. You'll get healthily hooked. Not on meth, but on the show. Thank you so much, Vince. Thank you so much, Bryan, Aaron, and everyone who had anything to do with this masterpiece of a series. I appreciate it, and so should everyone else. Oh, not to mention it's voted and basically ranked as the greatest show of all-time on here too!

10/10.