Few times in the history of the world has mankind set out to construct something as grand as a 44-hour long (62 episode) movie. But this is a tale with a distinct beginning and ending, a story with perfect continuity, that has beat a hollow into humanities cave wall in which to perch itself for all of posterity. Each individual hour stands alone as a complete story, and each is woven masterfully through the whole epic saga. If you've seen just one episode, you know that no templates have been taken from modern entertainment in birthing this monster.

There is a place for every superlative in a review of Breaking Bad, but that template too will be found unfitting. This series is a body of work that simply and clearly has earned a prominent place in history, its bloodied its fingers and clawed and fought for it the whole way. The creators, crew, and cast of Breaking Bad have few to thank - and none to apologize to. This is their hill. They built it upon the bodies of low grade television, almost famous indie films, and oceans of mediocre entertainment in all forms. What is put on display turns out to be something very real and undeniably human, the stories, plots, sub-stories, diversions, and influences all melt into a near meaningless goo once the final credits roll and the truth of the tale is etched in granite.

Breaking Bad is an expose of modern man, and don't expect unicorns and rainbows here in the grit of the real world.

In the end Walt seems to have allegiance only to his partner in crime, and a mere business like association with his family. This, I feel, is the manifestation of the commitment he made in the very first episodes. He put it all on the line giving up on the 'normal life' for a quick buck, and lives and dies by that decision.

In the end, we have learned the difference between money and man.

As much as I've dreaded the end of the series, by god, it couldn't be any other way. I'm incredibly satisfied that the ending stitches closed what was opened in the beginning, making a whole of the thing, making it a gift to us all rather than being clutched greedily in a fizzling slide to obscurity.