I was at a party last Saturday night and a friend said to me that he was going to get netflix so he can watch Breaking Bad. I thought, fair enough, finally you have come round to the sensible way of watching TV "on demand". I did not pay much attention to the watch Breaking Bad bit as was more concerned with having a few beers. The next day with a hangover in tow I was reading a blog post on Nicky Butt following the release of class of 92 (for American friends a documentary film on a group of players who came through the Man Utd youth system which included David Beckham) and he said he was glued to watching Breaking Bad so off I went to Netflix to start my marathon session. 

So, you guessed it, I spent Xmas watching Breaking bad but I was battling the man flu, I'm not a sad pointless fool.

From the pilot to the final scene I was hooked like no other show I have seen. Storyline brilliance, superb casting and fantastic direction. What disturbs me more than anything else is the decision making of British TV execs who thought this show was not worthy of a prime time stint. Instead it was relegated to Netflix, which is not at all main stream yet in the UK. Why are us Brits subjected to such reality TV bobbins, when TV shows depicting the real world are shoved aside in this fashion.

Breaking Bad is great for many reasons, but perhaps the most important is its capability to hit home the do or die mentality of American society. A School teacher behaving in such a way is entirely plausible when there is no way out of the over capitalist health care system. While it is truly captivating to watch, as a Brit you always think it is entirely avoidable if the US thought a little differently.

Having said that where would we be without the intrigue of American society, the anything is possible way of life and the shear audacity of it all. You certainly keep us interested America but I do hope you change your health care system. There must be so many Americans who are contemplating drastic actions to survive.

Regardless of my political observations I must stress that this is the best TV show I have ever seen. End of! Perhaps it's the start of even more hard hitting dramas that are free from the corporate chains to communicate anything they like.