It seems pretty clichéd to say that Breaking Bad is one of the best shows ever, but I just couldn't help it. I adore this show! The show is about a chemistry teacher at a high school in Albuquerque, New Mexico, named Walter White who has lung cancer and needs money to support his family for when he dies. He sees how much money the meth industry promises and he decides to cook meth with an old student of his named Jesse. Walt soon realizes that the meth industry is not a walk in the park and he faces against a lot of villains, outside conflict, and family drama at home. Not only is the premise really smart and dark, but the actors are amazing, especially Bryan Cranston as Walter White. He kills it every time and he is both evil and sympathetic at the same time. The great thing about this show is that you never know how the characters are going to get out of the situations that they are put in. It keeps you on the edge of your seat. The drama is intense and filled with tension. Its not an action show, its an intense drama that has violent moments that may sometimes be kind of graphic for some viewers. Its not cringe- worthingly graphic like The Walking Dead, Game of Thrones, or Sons of Anarchy, but its still very effective. The episode plots are just great, and suspenseful. I can't really think of an episode that was bad or okay. There are some episodes that are kind of slow, but they are character development episodes that help advance the plot and keep the show moving forward. I will say that the first season is a little slow, but after episode 5, it picks up and gets more interesting and there are only 7 episodes in season 1. The cinematography is wonderful. This is what I am loving about TV shows that are on AMC, HBO, FX, Netflix, and Showtime; their shows look like movies. Its very cinematic and it has unforgettable moments that most Hollywood movies wish they had. Vince Gilligan is just a brilliant creator and writer who really made one of the best shows of all time. Everyone involved with this show did a fantastic job. I definitely recommend this show to whoever is interested. Its one of my favorite shows and I am glad I saw it. It gets a 10/10 from me!