So why am i reviewing a show that soon turns 3 years old? a show that hundreds and thousands of people already reviewed and all agree is almost if not completely flawless? Basically i feel that i need to share my experience watching this show over the course of almost a year and why it is the best show i've ever seen.

This is the first review i'll post on IMDb. I don't write reviews, but after the final episode of Breaking Bad I knew i had to write about it.

OK, so lets get started. First of all, i watched Breaking Bad on Netflix so i never had to wait to watch another episode. However, after about maybe season 3, i did not want the show to end, so basically i started watching one or two episodes every weekend. during this time i was having a pretty difficult time at school and with friends and stuff like that, and Breaking Bad, as crazy as it sounds, helped me through those difficult times. there was something about Walter White i could relate. Sometimes it was the hopelessness about his character that i could relate to and other times it was the character of Walter in general. A guy that thinks of himself as a failior, and starts to "descend into darkness" so to speak. creating an alter ego. Also, the ending scene of the show, when the camera slowly cranes up and we see a dead Walter White laying in a meth lab smiling, dying in the place he felt most comfortable made me drown in tears and is without a doubt the most emotional scene i 've ever seen.

Anyways, it's difficult for me to describe my feelings towards this show and why it means a lot to me. Especially two days after watching the final episode. I'm just gonna add this last thing about my experience. just as Walter White was going through a tough time, I was too. The same thing can be said about Jesse Pinkmans character, and what he had to go through during the course of this show.

Other then my experience watching this show, which probably none of you reading this cares about, lets talk a little bit about how awesome Breaking Bad is. The cinematography is mindblowingly beautiful, the amount of symbolism and metaphors in the show is crazy, the direction is awesome and most importantly the writing is top notch. The characters of Walter, Jesse, Hank, Gus, Mike (the most badass character ever!), Skyler, Junior, Marie, Saul etc. are all persons i'll never forget, and the chemistry between Walter and Jesse is flawless. The way the characters grow over the course of 62 episodes (all of which are fantastic episodes) is flawlessly written and performed by Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul. As stated before, the cinematography is better then most Oscar winners (for best cinematography) in my opinion. The perspective shots, the mindblowingly beautiful wideshots are all mesmerizing. Also all of the acting, and i mean ALL of the acting is fantastic. 

There is a lot more i want to say about my ride watching this show, but I honestly don't know how to express it through text. there is just to much to say. But what i really want to say is THANK YOU to Breaking Bad and to the talented team behind it. This is without a doubt the best show I've seen and it helped me through a tough year.

Thank you

PS. Can't wait to start watching Better Call Saul :)