Contains spoilers The worlds most wanted man, someone Reddington, has been eluding the authorities for decades. He used to be a good guy, a top agent, but then he went all renegade. 

Reddington turns himself in to the Feds but insists he will only speak to one agent. This agent is known as Keen, it's her first day so she is thrown in at the deep end. 

In the beginning, the Feds want to bring "Red" to justice but Red turns the tables. Turns out, he isn't the worst criminal ever. He says he has a list, it is a big list of all the real bad criminals and the Feds don't even know about them so there. Red can help them catch the big criminals they didn't know about.

As time passes, the Feds can't even breathe without Red blowing them air. This guy is well connected. He knows every criminal and rogue government on earth. He can travel internationally in minutes, and wander in and out of criminal compounds unmolested time and time again. 

Each week tells the same story. One of the bad guys on the list is about to do something truly bad. The Feds are clueless. Luckily, Reddington knows everything with clairvoyant insight. He knows what the plan is, who the main players are, where they are getting their nefarious materials from, the time place and method of the proposed outrage. Red has a trump card for every scenario and can control any bad guy by saying you thought you knew this but I knew this so do this etc. Red refuses to ever get flustered and can always handle the crisis by putting on a hat, partaking of some fine dining, or sharing some of his profound knowledge. At some point Red will always regale some dumb story to his opponent, seducing them with his tails of derring do, and throwing in his own brand of philosophy along the way.

Luckily, word never gets out amongst these über criminals that Reddington might be scuppering well made plans world wide. No two criminals are executing their schemes at the same time affording Red the opportunity to deal with them one by one. Nobody loses their temper and just shoots Red in the head. 

Meanwhile, agent Keen starts calling the shots on the fed side of things due to her special relationship with Reddington. Sometimes she has to trot around in her underwear just to feel alive, the remainder she is the proud owner of the worlds blankest face. Something good happens, Keen looks blank, something bad happens- Keen goes blank, neither good nor bad- Keen goes blank. 

As a new to the job agent, Keen shows an admirable degree of stamina. Both Keen and her plastic haired sidekick struggle to stay out of trouble. Deadly situations abound but for the most part they both throw off their flesh wounds before the next scene demonstrating amazing powers of recovery. Keen has more than deadly situations and her puzzling relationship with Reddington to contend with. Back home, there is some suspicion about her husband. Who is he? It looks like maybe he isn't the innocent school teacher he's been making out all these years. He may be a super criminal himself, an agent, a rogue agent. The sub plot plays out quietly in the background but it was hard to care. Couldn't even remember his name.

This show steals from everything. Silence of the Lambs, Saw, French Connection etc. A quick bit of plot robbing here and another bit there to create a patchwork of stolen ideas presented as new. Reddington is so smug and annoying I really just hoped he would die. Too much of a know it all like a sartorial Macgyver. It was impossible to care who lived or who died, who was good or who was bad. The original premise had some potential but the formulaic approach, total lack of realism, failure to explore any of the issues presented, and lack of dimensionality to any characters make it one to miss rather than one to watch. I endured this series whilst laid up recovering from an operation and it set my recovery back by weeks.