I have a list of shows. A list of shows that nobody has even heard about, but is causing great mayhem in the world, destroying brain cells of innocent watchers. I'll give you the name of that show under one condition: that you leave me out of it. 

- most likely what Spader is thinking at the current moment.

My god, I couldn't take it any longer. I just quit watching this show to write this review. I'm a believer of brevity, so I'll save my breath. All you have to know is that if the FBI had even one agent that was so incompetent, Barack's head would be on a golden platter. It's a stereotypical show with dumb wannabe cops who somehow feel the need to flash their sirens to publicly announce their arrivals at a sensitive crime scene, allowing the criminals to escape, not helped by a terrible lead actress of Megan Boone who makes viewers want to strangle themselves every time her mouth moves in this terrible motion like she just got her wisdom teeth removed. Plot holes can usually be forcibly forgotten, but even the most dim-witted viewers will notice gaping holes the size of Mother Nature's you know what. 

A scene that comes in mind is the FBI's attempted capture of a 17 year old boy. The boy doesn't know he's being targeted...until ten police cars, driving at top speeds and sirens ablaze approach his school. WHAT in the world? Who's side are they on? To make matters worse, the boy escapes from the school..with a whole team of agents on his tracks (this is hundredth time Lizzy, the main character, has failed to capture a much weaker criminal). It would be so easy for a few agents to just come to school, in a regular car, dressed in normal attire, and arrest the kid instead of tipping him off. Then it gets better. The kid shuts down the power grid in DC, lures a girl into the subway station to confess his love, gets pursued by Lizzy into a train, is about to commit suicide on the train by speeding it up using his hacker gear, taking down Lizzy with him and....NOPE, Lizzy says "you don't have to do this we can help you". The boy: " Oh okay, I'll apply the emergency breaks then". The train stops right before it crashes. I laughed out loud. End of episode, along with a few silly things Tom, Lizzie's sketch husband, does at the end of every episode. 

The only reason to watch this is for Spader's superb performance. Everything else is dull, uninspiring, incredibly unconvincing, cliché, and cringe-worthy. This show is #1 on my Blacklist.