I just watched season 4 and after reading some reviews on here I feel that my review is warranted .

As for what works for the show :

I think season 4 has been better at exploring issues that plague our justice system including but not limited to the issues of mass incarceration or rather mass criminalization and the subsequent abuses committed by agents within the system as well as the very lives that are ruined and or loss because of those abuses .

I applaud Kohan if it truly us her aim to shed light on all of the issues that need to be remedied within our justice system if that is truly her aim .

As for what doesn't work for the show : The way in which Kohan constructs characters has always been problematic for me . Even going back to weeds , the way African Americans , Latinos etc have been portrayed as being one dimensional stereotypes should be something that deserves critique .

Other negative reviews echo my sentiments in regards to kohan/kierman's portrayal of non white inmates . Season 4 only exacerbates this issue . There is an attempt or two to try and examine racial stereotyping within season 4 but it seems that those attempts were never really grounded in trying to change point of views or at least create a constructive substantial dialogue about race and representation . I honestly think that kohan included these laughable muddled attempts as an afterthought and or response to the critiques she has been receiving in regards to the frequent use of racial troupes and stereotypes that can be found in any given episode of the show .

The portrayal of mentally ill individuals is also problematic . Again I applaud attempts to try and give characters backstory and in this way enlighten viewers as to how someone could end up incarcerated. But conclusively those attempts and any credit kohan should receive from those attempts are voided by the return to the use of stereotypes for these same characters to explain behavior as well as a general reliance on stereotypes to move the plot forward .

According to kohan/kierrman if you are mentally ill you are prone to violent behavior. If you are black you are prone to violent behavior . If you are both then well it's pretty much a guarantee .