This does contain a serious spoiler because this show should be spoilt. So I finally watched an episode. Never had any interest before but since this seems to be the final season ?? I thought that the opening episode will give me an insight. It did, and what is more disturbing it gave me an insight as to how low the viewing public that seems to support this garbage must be. What in the name of human decency are these people doing? Well nothing obviously because decent behaviour is not on this shows agenda. One could make all sorts of statements about the boring plot line but who cares. What one does need to mention is that this stuff should never have been allowed to go to air. It is a disgrace and like violent videos does nothing but gratify cruel and demeaning behaviour. Are the US public really this apathetic to what is shown on their TV's or is the freedom of speech gone ballistically mad? To cut to the end scene where we have the protagonist (in this case a totally pathetic thug) doing a torture on a guy in a most disturbingly ugly way. Now I am not a squeamish person but I can see how this would be just not on for any juvenile but I know thousands of juveniles watch this and in some way find it appealing and that is just what the producers of this show are wishing for. The entire time his enterage of thugs are watching as if they were at a screening of a bake and cake show and this is where I must say that the actors who are doing this seem to be very professional because I can imagine that they were none to pleased with this script. If they were not then there we also have a serious problem.This sort of violence is just not wanted by cultured people but then what can you say is cultured about a vast percentage of the US civilians. Sad society reaping the reward for unfettered violence and a gun culture gone mad. Back in the real world for a second, I have to add that as a tax paying citizen I am disgusted that I have some of my money going towards incarcerating these type of gang thugs. Exterminate them!