OK, before I start I'm going to give a little background on myself. I ride with a 1% MC, have done for almost 20 years. I currently hold the position of Sargeant at Arms, but have been both Road Captain and VP over the last two decades, and I have never, NEVER, seen such a bunch of crap in my entire life. I got as far as season 3 and by that time I was wondering if SOA wasn't some sort of black comedy or a spiteful revenge by a man who didn't get his full patch. Nothing in the show is realistic and none of those characters exist in any MC. The VP fighting with his President? Not a chance. Summary executions of patched members? Last thing that would ever happen. Discussing club business with wives and girlfriends, let alone the f@@@ing cops? What garbage is this?

The only thing that they made realistic is the fact that cuts and bruises take a while to heal, instead of a day or two, if they even leave a mark at all. That's it. I got as far as season 3 and gave up in an episode where the sons had

1) Kidnapped an IRA man 2) Double crossed the IRA 3) Threatened to kill a federal agent 4) Stolen some guns, jacked a heroine shipment, made and broken alliances, killed a man in hospital using the old telephone repair man gag, killed a maid, got shot, hired a bounty hunter to find a stolen child, sold illegal meds to a clinic

and so on. You know what life in a MC is like? its like your life, except we maybe get a little more drunk and a little higher and we mess around and do some crazy stuff. we have kids and some have jobs and all that stuff. we don't ride around shooting everybody and getting raided by the ATF every other day. I know its just TV, but it seems as though the writer is trying to make life in an MC look like we lurch from one crisis to the next and are a bunch of violent criminals with no morals or ethics, one of them is a necrophiliac for gods sake, but the truth is so far removed from what you're seeing on screen that it has to be some sort of sick joke.

The worst thing thats come of this is the scores of nobodies that have appeared on youtube calling bikers fags etc for not being like SOA, when the simple fact is that nobody is. its a huge pile of crap.