(Minor spoilers for one specific episode further down)

NCIS is a show that mix humour, good acting, colourful characters (Abby ;) ) and situations that could happen in real life. The combination is a new approach at crime solving stories on T.V.

I think what makes NCIS so great is the casting. Each time there is an actor leaving the crew, the casting people find not only a good actor/ress, but also an interesting character for him/er to play. The crew of actors/resses and their characters is what makes NCIS one of the best shows on TV. Few shows lasts over 10 seasons, not even Star Trek can do that (they run out of ideas very quickly, turning to soap opera and sexual stuff like with Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Once Upon a Time). In NCIS, the writers and producers have the wisdom of not putting all their ideas in a season and be left with nothing for the following seasons, nor do they lower themselves at doing cheap soap opera, sexual stuff and rush/overstretch their stories.

Yeah, the writers and producers (Mr. Mark Harmon included) are another big plus for this show to keep it going and going. With all the great minds working together, this show could go on forever. Even if Gibbs retires, the show could go on with Mr. Weatherly as the leader of the squad... and maybe bring back Miss David at that time to strengthen up the crew... Gibbs is a big chunk, but Anthony is a big chunk too and can fill Gibbs' shoes if we let him... he did it for a couple of episodes back in the early days of NCIS.

About more superficial stuff... The music is nice and well adapted to the situations and stories in the show. It complements the show quite well.

I prefer NCIS over NCIS:Los Angeles because LA is just a Bang-Bang! Pow-Pow! story. I have not seen as single episode where they do not shoot a single bullet (the NCIS team). In NCIS, there are episodes that no one, except maybe the criminal, who shoots (like in episode 22 from season 13, Homefront. No one on the NCIS team shoots, just the killer). LA is just a no brainer series, although like NCIS it has good casting, especially for the four agents (Callen, Kensie, Sam and Deeks), I think that they are running the show, the others are very secondary. Although, I must admit that I have a weak spot for Renée Felice Smith (Nell), she is the most beautiful woman on the show. Miguel Ferer is a good addition to the team, he was a good actor in Crossing Jordan... it would have been nice to make a crossover with his former character, but the writers gave him an assistant director role instead, which is fine since he can be a pain in the butt for the quatuor. I think I'm going to watch Crossing Jordan again, I really liked that show and Jill Hennessy... wouldn't mind seeing her in NCIS (or in LA, New Orleans) as a character that comes and go like Fornell...

Speaking of Fornell, I think the character should get more time. The character and actor does great things with Gibbs/Harmon. They have great chemistry. They are funny and pack a punch against bad guys. Hope that the writers don't kill Fornell... kill someone else man! Leave poor ol' Fornell alone. He's been through enough already. ;)

They do typical USA series/movies stuff in all NCIS. Like Helicopters and planes flying super low altitude, which is unrealistic. Planes and Copters are ranged weapons and will use their range to their advantage since they are so delicate and will not be close range like we see in USA movies and series. It makes the shows/movies look dumb and silly. They need to fix that.

I really like it when they make tires scream on dirt roads. Hahaha! Small mistake on the part of the sound crew, hope they will be more careful in the next seasons. ;)

Anyways, I wish everyone working on the show (NCIS) fortune and perseverance. You are doing more than a fine job. Stay away from cheap soap opera. Stay loyal to your recipe, the way you make the show since day one, what the show is about, and the show will go on for maybe another 5 to 10 years depending on when Mr. Harmon will retire from acting in NCIS... I surely want him to stay as a producer as long as he wishes/can, his episodes are really nice.

Three thumbs up for everyone doing the NCIS show!