Today's featured IMDb user comment, by a Fox marketer posing as an IMDb user, describes "Bones" as "refreshingly real, from characters to plots." 

Here's one of these "refreshingly real" plots: 

A corpse turns up with a mutilated face that upon computer reconstruction looks like... a chicken's. Also, an autopsy shows that the corpse's neck has been wrung, like a chicken's. Bones and Booth trace the corpse to a chicken farm, which is being picketed by hipster protesters chanting, "Cluck you, cluck you." Here they learn that the victim developed his chicken-like face when the farm's chicken stench caused his nasal passages to become deformed. Then, they probably solve the case. I don't know. I couldn't finish watching. I've never made it more than halfway through an episode. Not for lack of trying.

I don't remember exactly, but the chicken episode may be the same one in which the corpse is found by a troop of girl scouts who carefully preserve it and transport it to the FBI lab on their scout bus, with the consent of their scout leader. And let me tell you, the realism left me feeling refreshed.

The above plot description might make it sound like this is an inspired, surreal parody of cop shows, but it isn't. If this was parody, I'd expect the actors to play it completely deadpan. Instead, they're trying to be so cute and precious that we just want to eat them up. 

There's Bones -- whose level of social awkwardness is wildly inconsistent, depending on which writer is phoning in the gags today -- and Booth, her thoroughly bland boss, and a bunch of thirteen year old boys disguised as lab technicians. One of these guys is named "Sweets," which alone is enough to push this show from annoying to intolerable.

There's also a slutty girl (Angela, I think her name is?) who has no identifiable function other than letting us know every six minutes that she's been sleeping around. How this advances the plot in any way is beyond me. Maybe it all comes together in the second half, when I'm not watching.

The only unique aspect of "Bones" is the shockingly grotesque corpses. Now, if the REST of the show was as grotesque -- if these corpses were put into any sort of appropriate context, that is -- it would be one of the darkest, most compelling shows on television. Instead, we are treated to the bizarre spectacle of these hideous, decaying bodies that look like they're from the set of a Lucio Fulci movie displayed in brightly-lit rooms while childish actors poke at them and flirt with other against sparkly background music. It's one of the weirdest things I've ever seen, but it's not funny or interesting at all. It's unwatchable.

0/10.