I don't know how could this series go beyond 3seasons. I only watched 1 and a half, and couldn't stand it no more. I actually hate the series since the pilot and it's next 2-3 episodes. But since everyone seems to love it, I tried and watch on for a whole season, got half way or maybe 5 episode into season 2, and I think I have enough of this crappy, contrive show.

The main character is unlikable, she's simply annoying. For someone who is so smart, she is so dump. I don't know this, and I don't know that. Sure it work the first few times, but can't she learn? She kept saying I know I'm social inept and I'm trying to be better, and yet she fail to learn without people spell thing out for her. And why does she has to act like a B to people who she seem lesser intelligent. Being unsympathetic after a while is just irritating, irrational and is plain dump. Seeing her dialog with booth trying to explain social norm to her make you feel like you should hit your head against the wall, pass out so you don't have to suffer this bad series. And what's worse, after 10mins of irritating you with her social inept and refuse to understand other way of thinking, you are being slapped with at least 10mins of her failing to do the normal social thing, + another 10 of apologies for failing to do so, + 10mins of cheesy you get it next time. Just that she doesn't, and the viscous circle repeat. Every episode, she mocks at human being, then she glare or hate you because you laugh at her failure to act accordingly, and she feels no pity for you when she nuke you down with her harsh words. I found her character is such a child, and it irritating, and that child didn't learn, didn't grow up, and that make it hard to shallow. And lot of times, her character changes her personality like 180 degree so quick, that you feel not genuine. Like she dish on your behavior to the ground with her whiny monotone for a good 3mins+, then within 30s, she came and join you and act like it was really fun -.- The plot line is boring, and a few episodes are rip off of other show, without the good bit of it. All the side characters are annoying. They are whiny, not funny in any sense, doesn't have a real personality. Overall, the show is too contrive, the case is way way too boring, and some give you a déjà vu sense, and make you miss how good other show is. I put it on as background noise to see if I will hate it less than when I was watching it seriously, but I just end up found it too hard to stand to even watch it to fall asleep, I got fury up watching this show to be able to sleep. This show is not even worth it as background noise, I rather watch bad infomercial than this crap show, and no, I haven't read the book!i just genuine hate everything about this show!