There are not many TV shows that I truly find amazing. Whilst I might watch something like "The flash" for instance, I would not rate it as something not to be missed. In fact very few shows rate that highly. the Black List, is one of those shows I would say - totally rocks it. And then came Lucifer.

Normally the sexy guy and girl are a prequel to a disaster of a script and less to be desired acting. However Fox has shown us that their TV show 'Lucifer' breaks this preconception. 

Tom Ellis AKA Lucifer Morningstar, is not only an attractive and charming man, he has a unique witty, and sometimes terrifying demeanor. He would make Sean Connery fans look up. From his accent, his expressions, his fantastic acting ability with the extremely well written script make him one of a few people I have noticed in recent years.

As the story goes, Lucifer or Satan, took a vacation and is not quite the bad guy we all imagine. In fact, he is discovering he has a penchant for humanity inspired by his co host Lauren German. However he did not leave HELL alone, he also brought Lesley-Ann Brandt aka Mazikeen with him who is both disappointed to the state of disgust by Lucifer's "new look" and is constantly reminding him of his previous role. She is not someone you want to meet in a dark alley. 

The other actors whilst all reasonably good are in a 'no contest' with the main characters so there are no distractions from the main characters development. Even if you are not a science fiction fantasy sort of person, trust me - you will like this. As I referenced above, the depth of character reminds me of the Blacklist, and even Charters like Patrick Jane from CBS's now discontinued series, The Mentalist or even the Walter White character from Breaking Bad. 

the show has brought in several well known celebrities perhaps to give the show some legitimacy but they are not necessary. Fox have found a winner and if you are not already watching this show, Start with the season one episode one Pilot - I promise you it's well worth it.