I don't know. Maybe it's that I'm just vapid enough of a human to totally love this show. I loved it from the first moments of the pilot when Lucifer (the Devil on Earth, who's chosen to live in Los Angeles because where else?) purposefully allows himself to get pulled over by a cop and have a little fun at the patrolman's expense. It's immediately funny. Laugh-out-loud-at-your-teevee funny. And the fun continues.

I laugh when Lucifer calls someone a Dick or a Douche (I said I was vapid). I laugh at his interactions with Chloe's little girl (he hates children, just as you'd expect of the Devil). I laugh when he scares the crap out of the nasty little girl who's a bully. I laugh when he proclaims something is "Boring. Boring. Boring." I simply love Tom Ellis. I've never seen him before, but he falls into that "amazing actors from the UK doing work in the US" category which seems to be endless. He is beautiful to watch. He acts with his eyes and in his eyes we easily see all of his devilish humor and wickedness. Generally Lucifer is good-natured and he observes the humans around him with amusement and a beautimous smile. But Lucifer is sort of a mashup of snarky 12-year old boy and Kraken. You know? Adorable and deadly. Occasionally there are flashes of stark, evil and violent nastiness that remind us that he is Satan, and as such, not necessarily a nice person. The juxtapositions are quite enjoyable to watch.

The pilot was totally great. It was funny and sexy, and the plot was decent. I love the ending when Lucifer gives the bad guy his comeuppance. It is a marvelous payoff. The second and third episodes... well... maybe not outstanding. Perhaps a bit predictable. The fourth was (I thought) very good, but the fifth... Meh. So... uneven. But as season one progresses, the really good eps start to outnumber the so-so eps. "A Priest Walks Into a Bar" is simply brilliant. That said, I will admit I'm getting very tired of Lucifer chasing after Chloe yelling "Detective! Detective!" to her backside as she walks away from him. I hope they put a stop to that, even though I love the sound of Tom Ellis' voice (I would listen to him read anything... ANYTHING).

I love a show with handsome, clever, wicked characters who make me laugh. And there is great potential moving forward as the characters develop. I'm interested to find out what happens with Lucifer's relationship with Chloe. I am interested in the Linda character (thank you, writers, for making her what seems to be a smart and observant shrink instead of a bimbo!). I'm interested in what happens with "Luci" and his brother Amenadiel. There's lots going on to continue to hold my attention... Beyond the fact that Ellis as Lucifer is indeed addictive (or as he calls himself, like "walking heroin").

I do hope the writers fully realize the potential here. I fear the possibility they may not and the show will become "Boring. Boring. Boring." Time will tell and all indications are definitely positive. Meanwhile, I will continue to enjoy Lucifer for as long as I can.