I have watched the entire series three times before writing this review, and it still impresses me each time. The overall quality of the writing, the great majority of the pacing, the vast majority of the acting, and the style of the action all blend together to create an epic that makes you forget how relatively small-scale it is compared to the other Marvel heroes, and leaves you drooling for more.

The first truly street-level hero to enter the scene of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Daredevil, even before he embraces this identity, shows his remarkable talent, but still has great vulnerability that makes the stakes seem all the higher and the path to victory all the more difficult to traverse. Admittedly the amount of punishment he endures is often too great for even a comic book property's usual suspension of disbelief but at least an attempt to explain it away is given, even if insufficient.

The supporting cast, with one notable exception, is phenomenal. Rosario Dawson's nurse character, Deborah Ann Woll's driven mystery woman, and Elden Hensen's goofy but serious when the situation calls for it sidekick all blew me away with their performances, Hensen's in particular earning a special mention. Vondie Curtis-Hall's grizzled reporter also made waves that helped tie the story together more than I realized the first two viewings, and it is truly regrettable we won't be seeing more of him in future seasons, outside of possible flashbacks. The one weak link in this otherwise sterling list is Vincent D'Onofrio as antagonist Wilson Fisk. Now, I can't blame him entirely, much of his dialogue was simply weak, but what did bother me a lot about him was his delivery. I don't know if he had to gain a lot of weight for the role or if he was already that size but I believe it contributed to his breathing and vocalization which were terribly distracting. It made it hard to take him seriously, and when you're a villain that needs to be feared and respected, that is a fatal flaw. I would say roughly 80% of his time on-screen had this issue, there were occasions where it was either not noticeable or at least tolerable.

The structure of the series is such that it welcomes newcomers and long-time fans alike, and brings every little story arc to a conclusion, not always in a completely clean or satisfactory way, but they don't allow it to interrupt the continuing flow, and the ultimate conclusion of the season truly gave a sense of the finishing stroke on a masterpiece. One of the best mêlée fights in the MCU so far, whether superhuman powers were involved or not, gives us so much more to look forward to in the coming seasons after showing us what they are capable of. The gradual pace with which Matt Murdock evolves to the peak of his crime-fighting career made it all the more satisfying to see him finally don his signature horned garb in the finale, and his use of the sticks and staff are as visually impressive as one could imagine, though I would hope we'll see him able to use a grappling hook mechanism soon. Seeing him keeping pace with cars while on foot and scaling fire escapes feels a little too far-fetched so something more believable would be welcomed in future seasons.

Aside from those few nitpicks that can't really degrade the overall enjoyment or quality, the overall series is spectacular and gives me great hope that the other planned programs will be similarly well-done and makes me very eager to see what season 2 will have in store. You'll probably hardly feel like the many hours it takes to get through the series have actually passed, so it is rather easy to get through in one or two days (great way to spend a quiet weekend) and well worth the effort if you are looking for something 'super' to tide you over between releases of blockbuster films.