Recently, Netflix and Marvel struck a deal to make a series of television series surrounding some of Marvel's superheroes. For the first series, the super hero chosen was Daredevil. The show is 13 episodes long and each episode lasts a little less than an hour long. The show has a much darker tone than many would come to expect from Marvel in the recent years. Along with the story and characters being darker than expected, so was the lighting. The show was, for the most part, slightly more colorful than how a blind man would see it. The premise of the series is that a man who lost his sight uses his various other methods and heightened senses to fight against corruption in Hells Kitchen. The premiere season focuses its attention on stopping the villainous crime lord Wilson Fisk a.k.a. Kingpin. 

Charlie Cox played a fantastic Matt Murdock and a very believable Daredevil. The version of Daredevil found in this show is not as hardened and brutal as in the comics and is portrayed as slightly younger. Vincent D'Onofrio played a strong Kingpin, with a complex personality shown constantly throughout the whole season. The Kingpin in the show is a very well done adaptation from the comics. The scripting; along with the strong narrative help, makes this show to become a sure hit among viewers. The violence found in this show is some of the most graphic portrayals of fighting and torturing seen in the MCU (Marvel Cinematic Universe). One of the aspects that makes this show what it is, comes from the rating being TV-MA. By using this rating, it was possible to show the violent methods that the Daredevil Comics are known for. As for the action sequences, the choreography and stunt work make the fight scenes extraordinary. The simplistic camera shots used in the fight scenes allowed for the focus to be on the fighting and not as much on the scene itself; which helps to capture the viewers feelings when watching it. 

As a part of the MCU, it was cool to see where it was going to fit in. The references to the Avengers were entertaining, and so were the other easter eggs. This show takes place after the first avengers movie, and the destruction of Manhattan. The rebuilding of the city plays a crucial role in the storyline of the show.

Overall, this show was pretty good! Like any superhero movie/show (or any genre for that matter) it had its flaws, but by no means did they outweigh the good parts. I give this series an 8/10