Going into watching this show, I had not read any Daredevil comics, nor did I know much about Daredevil. I contemplated watching, and finally made my decision to go ahead and play the first episode. Quickly, I loved it. The filmmaking aspects are superb, there isn't much to comment on for fault because personally I totally loved all the camera work, directing and editing, especially on some of the fight scenes... the characters are lovable, and the pacing is really well done. However...

*BEGINNING OF SPOILERS* 

There were some pretty big flaws in the show, I have to admit. The first thing I noticed was that he spent way too long without the real suit, and when they finally revealed it at the end, it was disappointing and honestly did not look as epic as I'd hope it to reveal. 

Next, the character dynamic between Foggy and Matt faltered after their falling-out. I found the scene where Foggy found Matt with the black mask on in his apartment super powerful! But when they spent a couple episodes completely not talking to each other and then almost randomly becoming friends again in the finale just didn't sit right with me; I just needed a more powerful reason for them to start being perfectly friendly with each other after Foggy being oh-so-very shocked and almost hating Matt because of lying to him. It would have been so powerful if something was to bring them back together. Also, just a note, when watching on Netflix the loading screen for Ep.13 is actually Matt, Foggy and Karen all smiling and happy together, so thanks for spoiling that Netflix...?

Furthermore, character-wise, the actor who played Kingpin (Fisk) is a great actor... but not so much in this show. Technically, I didn't find his acting bad, I just honestly did not think he fit the role at all. Yes, we see his back-story of him being this kid who killed his father, but really in the end of that, I just felt bad for the guy! He probably went too far killing his father, but I could see why he would want to stop him from brutally beating his own mother! I don't know if the intention in that scene was to make us feel bad or fear him more, but as for myself I felt more of the former. The grown-up Fisk kind of just feels like this insecure business man who sporadically goes all-murder-like on people when he doesn't get his way. I find him lashing out at people like that believable, but it sometimes just doesn't juxtapose well against his other caring side of being with Vanessa and really just loving her and wanting someone to be with. All in all, I think they should have stuck more with one character trait for him, rather than having a side of us feeling bad for him. But that's just my opinion...

Last thing to comment on for cons is the end episodes. I got tired of Karen trying to dig up dirt on Fisk, to be honest. They spent too much time on her; she got boring after awhile. And once again, since Matt, Foggy weren't really talking to each other, everything felt scattered and didn't give enough reason to bring them back together. Also, I know they had the nightmare sequence where Karen sees Fisk in her apartment, but that's pretty much all that they dwell in regards to the fact that Karen killed Wesley in pretty much cold-blood. All in all, for the ending episodes, it was all scattered and should have been kept closer together and had a way better reason that they brought Fisk down, or didn't rather, to set up for a lame battle that we knew Daredevil was gonna win (the final one with Matt vs. Fisk). 

But I enjoyed watching this show. I like to highlight cons more, maybe, but I just expected more from that in regards to what I have written. This show was very fun to watch though. I loved Matt, Foggy, sometimes Karen, Claire and Ben. I was super mad when Ben died, and was yelling for him to do something to stop Fisk. I actually liked Wesley's character a ton, so when Karen shot him I'm angry too! They got me to care for each of these characters, even Fisk. The back-story of Fisk when he was a boy was super well done and intense and gave true reason to some of Fisk's motives. The back-story of Matt and Foggy meeting also gave true reason for friendship and made me believe why Foggy was so mad at Matt, and I could see the lengths of their friendship and I honestly loved that episode.

They got me to care for the characters, and they could potentially do so much better with what they have to work with in Season 2. Technical aspects were amazing, the acting was great, the story was solid for a good 80% of the show, and there were some great twists and the flow of the show felt good up until the end. I wish they would have brought Matt and Foggy (Karen too) better together in the end with more explanation, and I wish Fisk was played by someone a bit more, well, frightening.

*END OF SPOILERS*

All in all, I'd say watch it, because I feel like Season 2 is going to be really great and I hope for the best that they don't make writing mistakes like this again, but yes, watch it. You may not even notice these things, because a lot of things make up for it. I give it an 8 of of 10 because I feel like the potential it has now is great, and took away points because of the reasons listed! So go press play on Netflix, because you might love it as much or more than I do!