Just finished watching Season 2, something I had been waiting for a while. I must say that Season 2 was a lot better that the first season. My main qualm with the first season was the pacing. Some of the episodes felt too slow and the plot wasn't moving as quickly as I wanted to. SO, anyone who didn't enjoy the 1st season should give the 2nd season a shot, your complaints might have been duly noted by the show-runners.

The thing that makes the show far more interesting this time is the addition of new characters and it doesn't hold back on the action at all. Some of the new characters are Frank Castle/The Punisher and Elektra Natchios. 

CHARACTERS: The Punisher is a highly complex individual, out for blood of the people who killed his family. To say the least, he is a complete bad-ass, and almost hands Daredevil's ass to him on a platter. Daredevil and Punisher are both alike in some way, but their ideologies differ a lot. Frank believes that only way to clean New York is to kill all the criminals. Daredevil believes that everyone deserves a second chance, and there is good in everyone. I love the psychological debate that the show touched upon. Needless to say, Jon Bernthal fit the bill perfectly. I'm hoping for a standalone Punisher TV series on Netflix after seeing his spectacular portrayal.

Coming to Elektra, she is really fun to watch. Elodie Yung was extremely charismatic in the role, and I can't wait to see her in the future seasons.

Matt Murdock is going through his own personal battles in this season. He is struggling to balance his vigilante persona with his personal life. In the process of fighting crime, he distances his best friend Foggy and Karen from his life. Charlie Cox still continues to be brilliant in this role. I'm always pleasantly surprised to see how well he can emote the mannerisms, facial expressions and eye movements of a blind man. 

ACTION: The action is one of the best parts of the show. This time also we get to see some remarkable action scenes, on-par with the famous hallway fight scene from the second episode of the first season. Action junkies certainly won't be disappointed.

VERDICT: This show is bliss for comic book fans. Even if you aren't one, you will enjoy it for the edge of the seat drama and high octane action and amazing performances. Almost every character on the show is interesting. So, check it out!!

P.S. I gave season 1 a rating of 8/10 and season 2 deserves a 9/10 in my books. Certainly a great improvement.