So the critics that wrote that season 2 starts out slow are wrong. It's a faster pace completely, from start to finish. As always the dialog is oh so important, so you can't watch this only to wait for the fist fights to commence.

PUNISHER FANS-FEAR NOT!! Marvel finally gives you the Punisher. Without the cardboard cutout criminals that he mows down with ease. It is an interwoven story-line that keeps you guessing. Jon Bernthal is awesome. He embraces this role and the writing is reminiscent of War Journal. However to the faint of heart, this also seems to borrow from Punisher Maxx, which showed a new level of brutality, even for the Punisher, and brutal and ruthless is what he is. Not for children at all.

This is very well balanced. Every character is great and not one is left out just to let Daredevil shine. It's truly more an ensemble and each character is important to the story-line. The overlap isn't as unbearable as with most Hollywood products.

The show touches the comics, so just know that going in. It's not afraid to enter into a more fantasy realm. It's still very realistic and the fight choreography is still great.

Things I had issues with.

It's Dark-literally. As seen in the trailers, it's hard to see the action because everyone is wearing black. And I do mean everyone and most of the action is at night or just plain in the dark.

Elektra- She does get a costume, but she looks more like Skarlet of Mortal Kombat than the red cloaked heroine we're used to seeing. Still mostly a Black costume. So when she fights, all you still see are silhouettes. Her set-up seems a bit strange and off but it ends with her being more like the Elektra from the comics. At first I was not in favor of Elodie Yung's casting, but she is great. Such a beautiful woman and her accent is to die for. I enjoyed watching all her scenes. She is also brutal and not for the faint of heart.

The romance between Matt and Karen was cringe worthy. The thing is they were a couple in the comics. So any slow moments are really between the two of them but thankfully it is not overwhelming. Again that touch-the-comic book thing. Just keep that in mind.

Speaking of the character of Karen Page. If you were not a fan of hers in the first season then I must warn you, you get more of her this season. If you enjoyed Deborah Ann Woll's performance, or you just like looking at her, then you are in for a treat.

It does deviate from the books. Most of it is for a good reason though. So that the focus can be on other characters that were never a focus in the comics. So just be prepared for that.

All and all, I highly recommend this show. It plays like a well crafted crime drama, so even people who are not fans of comic book based products will still enjoy this.