**Warning - Contains spoilers** I first came across Marvel's Daredevil when I was eleven-years-old, picking up a Roger McKenzie and Frank Miller issue from 1979 before becoming addicted to the character's backlog of incredible stories throughout my teens, from Stan Lee and Bill Everett to Brian Michael Bendis' run.

My excitement and expectations were understandably on a monumental scale ahead of Daredevil's 13-episode-long debut on Netflix on Friday April 10. The series did not disappoint as a dark, gritty and adrenalin fuelled spectacle.

Daredevil is a refreshing, action packed series with enough depth and potential to become a huge hit and churn out series after series. The fight scenes were fantastically choreographed and are some of the best you'll see all year while keeping true to the fighting styles of both the characters of Daredevil and The Kingpin, Wilson Fisk.

In particular the corridor brawl scene in episode two: 'Cut Man' that was apparently shot in an incredible single take, was just jaw dropping.

The show's executive producer Drew Goddard and showrunner Steven S. DeKnight draw influence from Frank Miller's 'The Man Without Fear' mini-series in this Daredevil, a story telling how a young Matt Murdock becomes the black-masked vigilante before his red suit wearing days.

The show also takes influence from Miller's work in the 80s combined with elements from Bendis' run in 2002. The use of flashbacks is engaging while managing not to take up too much time to tell a traditional start up backstory, a concept rather overdone in superhero projects. I would have liked to see Roscoe Sweeney aka 'Fixer' get his comeuppance in one of those flashbacks though.

That said, before I began binge-watching Daredevil, I knew that it would be impossible for me to walk away without feeling a little disappointed at something, because my expectations were just so huge.

One reason why Mark Steven Johnson's 2003 film adaptation of Daredevil, staring Ben Affleck was unsuccessful was because it lacked accuracy to the original material, this is something that the series had to do to be a total hit, and thankfully this Daredevil is loyal enough to the character's roots.

One of my favourite characters is meddling reporter Ben Urich. First introduced in 1978 in Daredevil #153, the character plays a fundamental role in the hero's history and is one of the most beloved and well-written characters.

So it was with great disappointment that the character was killed off at the hands of Fisk. Not only is this a great loss of the acting talents of Vondie Curtis-Hall, but also of the character that had so much to offer the series moving forward. Ultimately it was a clumsy decision that also fails in terms of accuracy.

Daredevil is one of the most tragic superheroes ever written who inhabits a crime-ridden, hostile world where violence ensues daily. Although this was captured perfectly in this series, at times the violence toes past the line, despite its 15 age rating.

Graphic violence isn't something associated with modern Marvel productions so it comes as a surprise. At times this is slightly over the top, employing shock techniques opposed to the show's more effective cleverly edited tension builders.

The scenes I refer to in particular are in episode three: 'Rabbit In A Snow Storm' when John Healy, played by Alex Morf, takes his own life by impaling his face with a metal spike. The other is when the Kingpin, Wilson Fisk, decides to spill a Russian's brains on the road using his car door in episode 4: 'In The Blood'.

I also have accuracy concerns regarding the relationship between Matt Murdock and Karen Page. As it stands it doesn't feel as though the two are heading for romance, this would be very disappointing if it was the case. The relationship is one of the most important in Matt's history and one that should be told.

I would have liked to see more of Leland Owlsley and for the character to be referred to as 'the Owl' at least once. I would also have liked to have seen the famous red suit revealed a little sooner (along with Daredevil's traditional 'DD' emblem, however corny it may have been).

Charlie Cox was perfect as Matt Murdock nailing all of his characteristics including that blind stare, grizzly Dark Knight inspired hero's voice and even the American accent. The supporting cast were spot on too, Elden Henson was superb as Foggy Nelson and I was blown away at times by his performance as Matt's best friend and partner.

Vincent D'Onofrio raises the bar for city-level comic book villains as a complex, layered and powerful Wilson Fisk while delivering each line with haunting dread maintaining a flawlessly sinister persona. While Toby Leonard Moore brings a sleekness to Fisk's right-hand man Wesley, with expertly timed delivery of some of the series' most potent and chilling threats. Deborah Ann Woll portrays a stronger, more determined version of Karen Page than that seen of the character in comic books from the 60s and early 70s.

The soundtrack was also perfect as was the opening credits sequence.

Accuracy is key for future seasons and I hope to see Matt and Karen's relationship take off in season two along with the introduction of a few famous characters including the already teased Gladiator, whose alter ego Melvin Potter was played by Matt Gerald in the tail end of the series.

The popular assassin Bullseye may be just what Fisk needs to regain his crime empire and would be a welcomed addition. I would also enjoy further mention of Elektra to build towards her appearance.

The series captured Daredevil's realistic and sinister Hell's Kitchen perfectly and despite its few flaws was a pleasure to watch and I really hope it gets a second series and more, fans of this genre will be thoroughly satisfied with Marvel and Netflix's Daredevil.