SPOILERS If I'm honest I was disappointed with the last three episodes of the season.

I don't know if it was because we took a couple of days off from powering through but after coming back to the series we hit an episode which seemed to be very focused about Karen.

If I'm honest, I haven't really warmed to her. Her interactions with Foggy when it was clear that he was attracted to her and also her trickery with Ben was pretty underhand given what he is going through with his wife didn't paint her in a great light.

She's pretty selfish and there was a feeling that her character was being amped up to fill the role of 'strong female lead' so that accusations of sexism couldn't be levelled at the show. I found Claire's character far more engaging.

Although I didn't like her and hence relieved that Foggy didn't try to pursue things with her, I felt Foggy's re-igniting of his relationship with Marci was more to get him out of the way rather than an organic re-blossoming between them. Given how much Marci actually helped provide the evidence to bring Fisk down, I thought it a bit unfair that their interactions didn't receive much airtime.

Whereas the story had been about Matt, and seeing his vulnerability when recovering from his beating by Nobu was good to see, it felt that the story meandered away from him and onto others.

This in turn just led to the end of the series feeling a little rushed and not having the same emotional weight or melancholic cues that the first half had. Now maybe it was being away from the show for a couple of days that pulled me out of the bubble but the re-immersion seemed harder and I think Matt, Foggy and Karen have lost something.

It also didn't help that when Netflix showed the pic for the final episode as the credits for episode 12 ran, that it was the three of them in some kind of cheesy smiling shot with the placard on the wall. Maybe it was inevitable that it would all end in smiles etc but it's a bit of clanger to show that at the beginning of the final episode.

Finally I wasn't that impressed with his red outfit. I'd been looking forward to seeing it but it didn't blow me away and if anything his black outfit looked far more real and intimidating.

I like Fisk and I like the character of Vanessa but somehow the show managed to definitely lose my interest in selfish Karen, lose my interest in Foggy because his life was suddenly decided to be played out off screen and dampen my enthusiasm for Matt.

Some shows end on a high that although don't offer a forced cliff hanger can still hook you with a desire to see the next series (Walking Dead, Spartacus etc). Some series can just end and you think 'well I saw it but it hasn't really got inside me' (Breaking Bad, Hannibal) but Daredevil I'm just not sure about it.

It really pulled me in at the beginning and I was singing it's praises to everyone but the last three episodes felt like they'd had a different hand in them, that the writers were easing down in the finishing straight and left everything so neatly tied up that my lasting image is of the cheesy sign off in front of the Nelson & Murdoch sign rather than some of the more powerful and heartfelt imagery from the beginning of the show.

The show was good entertainment and some of the set ups and characters were refreshing but I felt it tailed off a little towards the end, taking it from the stellar series that I thought it was going to be to something a little less stratospheric.