I have only finished watching the first season of the Daredevil Netflix original series but I enjoyed it so much that I immediately wanted to write up a review. So forget all your worries and listen to me, sit back and relax this is spoiler free. 

Firstly, although I have not read a single Daredevil comic and therefore cannot consider myself a die hard fan I was still vaguely aware of the character and the universe he inhabited before going into this series. Also, like many of you, I was extremely disappointed with 2003 feature film in which Daredevil received his big screen debut. Therefore, I was hopeful that the Netflix series would finally do the character justice. Thankfully, upon hearing good reviews for the series I became quite excited to see the series for myself. However, House of Cards swept me off my feet first. I eventually decided to take a break from that series and take a look at Daredevil to see if it was as good as others said. Fortunately, I was not disappointed. 

This series contains everything that I hoped it would, tremendous action, engaging narratives, relatable characters and believable performances. I shall begin by divulging further into the characters as I feel that they help make the show. All the actors do a fantastic job of bringing beloved comic book characters to the small screen. Charlie Cox portrays a believable Daredevil and his clear chemistry with co-star Elden Henson, who plays Foggy Nelson, makes for a far better Nelson and Murdock pairing than Affleck and Favreau. I am convinced that these two are best friends and I want to see things go their way. I also really loved Deborah Ann Woll as Karen Page and Vondie Curtis-Hall as Ben Urich. Both actors portray their characters as strong and fierce individuals who are willing to fight for what's right. I am glad to see that Karen wasn't reduced to a damsel in distress role. 

However, the performance that really stood out to me was Vincent D'Onofrio's portrayal of The Kingpin. The man has proved that he can play a captivating villain, but his performance drastically differs this time around. D'Onofrio gives The Kingpin very human qualities to the point where we begin to sympathise with him. This is what makes The Kingpin so captivating and complex. When you stop to think about it he isn't wrong, however, he goes about creating his vision in the wrong way and this means he has to be stopped. Despite all the great performances from the leads, they never take the spotlight away from the supporting cast. Many minor characters show up and disappear as quickly as they arrived, but they all leave an impression on the audience and that is something to be admired. 

Furthermore, the story-telling in Daredevil is also top-notch. In my opinion, it provides a realistic depiction of what it would like if someone decided to put on a mask and fight crime. In each episode we see Matt struggle with his inner demons as he tries to continue to do the right thing and calm his mind. We see him struggle as he hides this secret from the ones he loves and desperately attempts to balance his normal life with the life of a vigilante. I was thoroughly hooked by the narrative of every episode. Every time I jumped back into the world of Daredevil the series quickly grabbed my attention and didn't let go until the credits rolled. 

One thing I loved in particular about the new Daredevil series is that although the series contains brilliantly choreographed and intensely thrilling action it doesn't rely on this. You will see a lot more of Matt Murdock than you will Daredevil but the scenes with Murdock never get boring. I am always interested to see what happens next in his personal journey. As a result, viewers are rewarded for their patience and loyalty because when Daredevil does show up there is a massive pay off. All the action seen in Daredevil would fit well into a feature film and the fact that we get this on the small screen is certainly something to behold. In fact, this series contains one of my favourite actions scenes on television which reminded me of a certain scene from Oldboy which I won't spoil here but those you who have seen both Daredevil and Oldboy will know what I mean. 

Overall, Daredevil is a fantastic series. I never thought that a superhero show would keep me hooked for as long as this one has, given my current distaste for the over abundance of superhero films that bombard our cinemas nowadays. I thoroughly enjoyed every second of the series due to its story-telling, character development, performances and action. Not to mention that it's one of the best looking television shows out there today. It's hard to find a fault with the show but of course it isn't perfect. However, it is quickly becoming one of my favourite shows alongside House of Cards and Breaking Bad. I am glad that I have a Netflix account and if you haven't seen the show yet what are you waiting for?