I am so glad that this show has turned away from the success of its original recipe (the 2010 mix) and is now embracing new and risky concepts. To take a show with potential and add and subtract cast members like a wardrobe is very gutsy. The writers, producers or directors have brilliantly weakened a likable concoction of personalities by introducing Steve's old instructor (did I say old or did I say OLD?). Lost from "Lost" maybe. What is his connection? Oh that is right. He was friends with Steve Senior or whatever his name is now. Time to end that sub-plot – it is just not interesting. And now we have Officer Lori Weston, who, by the way, is smarter, faster and better looking than McGarrett. What is her purpose again? Oh yeah, we all need window-dressing. It is time for her to leave as well. I liked the original cast (2010 flavor). I like Son-of-Caan, Alex, Grace Park and Mr. Kim. Kamekona and Dr. Berman are very good additions, probably because neither are telling 5.0 how to operate. Jerry has been on too much...too far fetched super powers. More lost from "Lost?" This program can still be successful – but it also has the makings of a major flop and seems to be diving head-first into the failure pool. Oh yes - and another thing. I have never seen so many Eureka-moments on a single show. Come-on guys and girls - people are not really that juvenile. Whenever the team is huddled around their mega-computer and discussing some perplexing problem - you know - the one thing that would blow this case wide open and no one has ideas or even a single clue. Surprise! Surprise! THAT one conveniently missing main character (usually Kono or Chin Ho); conveniently pops in with all the answers neatly packaged and hand delivered. All that is left - well you know - 'McGarrett go get your running shoes on and chase down the baddies!' I had no idea – but this is a spoiler – sorry guys. And of course – this happens EVERY show. Change the script once in a while.

I hate to do it, but I must reduce my grade for this year. Like I said – the original (2010 group) is excellent – leave the outsiders as that – outsiders.

This show started off so well and for some reason did not like itself and decided TV-Show-Suicide is the only answer. Improve I hope - improve I doubt.

And now it is getting better...come on good or bad

And now bad again...get rid of the added regulars, do only crime...PLEASE

Still bad...finish it