Something about the laconic Mark Harmon and his team at Naval Criminal Invesigation Service has caught the fancy of the television public. NCIS is still going strong after a decade.

Interesting stories and characters does the trick for this series. Harmon who is a former Marine has got good instincts to ferret out the truth from people. He's aided by a team with different skills.

Michael Weatherly is the number 2 of the unit. His background is civilian police more than military and he's a bit of a blowhard. In a sense Weatherly has the toughest acting job in the show because if he came at the 'probies' too hard the audience would hate him. Still he does make life miserable for Sean Murray especially in the early episodes.

The need for computer skills in law enforcement has become critical but there is a prejudice against computer geeks that Weatherly shares. Poor Sean Murray was new to the team at the beginning and he was the butt of all of Weatherly's juvenile pranks. Still he stood up to it and the jokes got less and less.

Weatherly was not about to pull anything with Cote DePablo, a former Israeli soldier. Out of necessity those people put and have kept their women at arms and she's no one to mess with.

Two others are part of the team, the most unmilitary like. David McCallum whom I remember well as a teen idol of sorts as Ilya Kuryakin in The Man From UNCLE in the Sixties is a senior citizen now and the medical examiner. I wonder if he and Leslie Hendrix of the Law And Order franchise ever met at a Medical Examiner convention? They sure have the same style.

But the most unmilitary person in the group, but maybe the most loved is Pauley Perrette as Abby Sciuto or "Abs" as everyone calls her. Given her Goth persona and a cheerful outlook on life which those folks seldom have, she's a strange person to be working in a military setting. But the team especially Harmon really love her and she's my main reason for watching the show.

Other than some good stories and a fine ensemble cast.