I normally watch the US series NCIS to drool over the delectable Pauley Perrette, who plays Abby Sciuto, the show's Goth Forensic Medical Officer — I keep waiting for Abby to "come out" and start a steamy on-screen affair with Caitlin Todd, the other female character, played by Sasha Alexander, or with Ziva David in the latest series (who is a self-confessed bi-girl).

However I guess my dream will never be realized. I was saddened by the most recent episode which involved the murder of a young female naval officer in a copycat of a "cold case," in which the victim had been raped and had a trident symbol carved into her neck. The contemporary murder was committed by the victim's lesbian lover — she had stolen a sample of the original perpetrator's semen and inserted it into her dead lover to make it APPEAR that the perpetrator of the first murder had returned. However she tripped herself up — what she didn't know was that the original "perp" was dead. Hmmmmm, rather artificial it seemed to me! 

What upsets me as a lesbian is how we are always portrayed on the screen as crazy, with our life-options limited to suicide or homicide, but never happiness. The idea is to make us "repent" of our "sins," either through religious conversion or psychiatric treatment before some disaster overtakes us and all around us. It is interesting to speculate why this cliché of the Dead/Evil lesbian is so urgently impressed into our psyche.

Lesbianism is treated differently from male homosexuality. Gays are now 'acceptable' to many people, especially to straight women, for whom they have long been conscious or unconscious allies in the 'battle' against the grossness of the average straight male. Gay men raise few eyebrows as sympathetic protagonists, or even as the "heroes" of movies and TV series.

Yet, lesbians are still personae non gratae. Why is this so? It seems to me that lesbianism actually strikes a DEEPER fear in our society than male homosexuality. After all, we know that men are disgusting creatures who will stick their members into any and every available hole. Therefore, male homosexuality has become a somewhat harmless peccadillo, a case of 'boys will be boys.' Women, however, are the 'seed-bearers,' both physical and cultural ... for a woman NOT to want to be a straight wife and mother seems to be quite frightening to mainstream society — indeed it is felt to challenge the very nature of the Universe. Any inclination toward such a choice, therefore, has to be suppressed at all costs.

To this I might add that we lesbians have few allies — straight women fear us, and straight men either regard us as rivals, or as "lost souls" in need of "conversion," especially by them. EWWWWWWWWWW!