I am going to be honest here. I wasn't very interested in the show from the start. It was over-acted, ridden with ridiculous plot holes and seemingly unrealistic scenarios. I watched it for cheap thrills; in between shows I liked or when I had nothing better to do.

All this changed when the show brought in the ridiculous agenda of stereotyping Muslims. From Tehran to Beirut, capitals of beautiful, progressive Muslim nations were depicted as absolute hellholes, laden with preconceived Western notions about Muslims.

Despite all that, I still watched the show on and off though. Never with any sort of interest, but to see how low its portrayal of the world's second largest religion could get. Personally, for me, the lowest point came with the start of Season 4 when Carrie comes to Pakistan.

Continuing with the same tradition, Homeland depicted Pakistan's capital, Islamabad, as a grimy dump where sewers run amok, gunfights and blasts occur on every corner and women shuffle around clad in extremely restrictive coverings. Even Urdu, the local language was used in an absolutely trivial manner with no attention paid to grammar and connotation.

Well, I invite the creators and writers of Homeland to come visit Islamabad for once. They will realize how far it is from the shantytown in South Africa where they shot the whole season. There would be wide paved roads sans potholes, greenery everywhere, tall mountains overlooking skyscrapers and planned residential areas along with women in dresses they chose to wear. In short, Homeland's depiction of Islamabad, and the Pakistani society in general, is as far away from reality as can be.

With what I have said so far, I am not running away from the notion of terrorism. Yes it exists, in pockets throughout the Muslim world. But you can't blame and stereotype a religion followed by billions to be inherently responsible for it. Extremists exist in every religion and every country. Stereotyping and pigeon-holing will only force Homeland's audience into seeing the whole Muslim community in that light - lacking progress and being anachronistic. An overwhelming majority of Muslims are not like that.

Conclusively, I believe even Fox News couldn't have painted a better mural of Islamophobia than what the team of Homeland have done.