Having spent over 15 years in terror strongholds and Islamic societies, I think Homeland is probably the most poorest description of the reality of terrorism and how Islamic societies truly are, that I have found. It borderlines the comical. The more the show progress into new seasons, the more bizarre and unreal Homeland gets.

Every single terrorist is portrayed as a "victim" in episode after episode which is annoying. You don't get 72 virgins by hitting back at "big bad" America. You get 72 virgins by fighting to establish an Islamic state and senselessly slaughtering all non-Muslims so no unbeliever exist in the land of Islam. That pleases Allah. No sign of this reality in Homeland at all. People who decide to cut your throat because you don't believe in the same fairy tales are hardly victims. People who train small children to hate and kill, dreaming to be suicide bombers, to strike terror in people with morbid joy doing so, are not victims. They're fanatics. In Homeland the entire cultural Islamic makeup is stripped of its basic element that drives society and feeds terrorism. There is no sign of Islam anywhere in Homeland. None whatsoever.

What left-wing nutjob wrote the script? Its pretty sad that young people will learn about the most horrid crimes committed against millions of people through the prism of liberal delusions and denials pretending complete barbarity are victims of the West. Fighting "for democracy" in these countries means fighting Sharia law. It means stoning people to death, cutting of hands and feet, crucifying them for apostasy, burning gays alive or throwing them off buildings, raping women, enslaving non-Muslims. It means constantly acting as a morality police over others. When you live in these societies, you feel apprehension every time you walk out your door.

The series cuts out the limitless crudeness, violence and paranoia common in these societies. The bottomless contempt and hatred of women is not seen either. Carrie, a western woman with blond hair, who would stand out like a sore thumb, can in Homeland walk around freely on her own - even without a veil - without anyone even noticing. She can walk into crowds and no one clusters around her, grabs their cock, her breasts or her crutch. No man tries to masturbate in front of her. Any sense of reality is stripped from the show, and they are instead "poor victims" who only respond to aggression against THEM. Forget that they have fought for the same "cause" and their 72 virgins and Dar-al-Islam for 1,400 years - uninterrupted.

Homeland is trying to convince viewers that if they did not endure "American aggression" they would all be fine and peaceful. When have they ever been peaceful, even before America existed? They destroyed entire European classical civilization and pushed it back into the dark ages! Europeans had to start all over again. 

In Homeland there are no hate preachers in the mosque who bellow out their extreme anger and views day in and day out; there is non of the infamous Islamic racism against non-Muslims; there are no fatwas, no discussions on the legal permit to kill as many "apes and pigs" (Jews and Christians) you want. There are no children who scream and pray for the murder of others for merely being infidel. There are no mothers who celebrate and holler when an American dies.

When Saul is kidnapped and sits to dinner with a tribal Taliban terrorist, and he critiques Islam, there is no reaction. What??? The worse of crimes causes no reaction. Instead our Homeland terrorist rationalizes that if Christianity was judged by its "brutal history" no one would be Christian. But Christian brutality was a reaction to Islamic conquests, slave raids and invasions. Perhaps the writers don't even know that. 

In Homeland you have the choice to believe in Islam or reject it, which is one of the most unreal parts of the show. The terrorist is intellectual and rational and can hold a debate. Homeland even goes so far that it portrays the terrorist leader kissing his wife (!) in front of other men. This is a country where the Taliban stones women for exposing eyes. And it gets even more absurd: Saul is chained in the bedroom of the Talibani while he has naked sex with his wife sitting on top of him, like a porn star. I had to laugh out loud at the Disney absurdities. I would challenge the writers of Homeland to travel to the regions and grab some pictures of affection shown for wives (at all) and especially affection shown in front of other people. Affection is completely haram in Islam. Nakedness is haram and beyond shameful. These people will only be naked to take a bath. Do the writers even know that through Afghanistan, Pakistan, Bangladesh, etc, people basically have sex with their clothes on, and the man will grab the women and just stick it in her with force?

That's reality. You wont have an Islamic extremist expose his naked wife to another man! She wont even be allowed in the same room as Saul, and she can only eat whatever is left over after the men is done. If they left her nothing - she doesn't eat. 

Homeland is a laughable fantasist portrayal of crude, primitive tribals trying to turn them into Yale graduate in Afghan garbs. This is a country where men have the legal rights to rape their wives, or kill them if they object. 

Get real people. PORTRAY THE REALITY OF TERRORISM AND ITS TRUE IDEOLOGY RATHER THAN MAKE EXCUSES FOR IT. 

Homeland reflects the American mindset: naive, one-sided, clueless and completely incompetent to grasp another culture. The whole world is not American. Not all people around the world wants "Western democracy". To some democracy is the filth of the world.