Apart from pathetic acting low quality dialogs, this TV series has nothing else to offer. I've seen their promo, when they said there hasn't been said anything about how the characters in Batman universe grew to become hero/ villain or other character. This is completely untrue, as almost everybody has quite a detailed description of their origin. Also the story tried to sell too quickly but fails almost in every department.

SPOILERS FROM HERE

If we talk about story, there isn't much to offer till now, and that too without much of consistency. Gordon shooting Cobblepot, was stupid scene and Harvey could have easily seen that. Acting is weird from almost everyone and lack impact.

As per characters, personally I don't like such all over changes, especially when new characterization is way too worse compared to great in comic books.

Take Pamela Isley for example. She's now renamed to Ivy Pepper, daughter of a criminal and loves plants since childhood. In comics, she was respected doctor, and didn't have such affection since considerable amount of time.

Selina Kyle, who loves to be called Cat in this series, is exactly what she's not in comics. Of course she had troubled childhood, but did pretty good job hiding her criminal name.

Oswald Cobblepot was supposed to only few years younger than Thomas Wayne and once the second most richest families in Gotham. His love for birds, was reason he's called Penguin. And he did chose that name anyhow. Also, I'm quite skeptical how will he ever fight Batman with such physical handicap.

Harvey Bullock, is younger than Gordon, older in Gotham as Gordon came in when Batman was a vigilante. Bullock was lazy but honest person.

Riddler is just wasted in couple of episodes. I would've given him a chance but given the entire series sucks, there's no point.

Almost all character changes were unnecessary, and in fact, would be great if original story was carried out. There are useless plot holes and worthless twists.

When Selina says that she knows the murderer, actually kills all my interest for the show.It took Batman years to find the killer and then there's quite a story about his revenge. 

This series, it seems, ensures that no good (even average) story or acting be presented at any instance.