Let me start by saying that this show has nothing to do with the subject matter it's supposed to be about. "Lets write a bunch of random stuff and then slap iconic names on everything so the moron sheep public will watch it" 

It's a "Prequel" to Batman, the story before Bruce dons the iconic mask and whoops butt all over Gotham. With that said, it breaks A lot of continuity in the story...

Gordon arrives at the GCPD as a rookie Detective with Harvey Bullock being his senior partner. Years later when old gray-haired Gordon is Commissioner, Bullock is somewhere in his 30s-40s so how then can he be older than Jim? 

Renee Montoya is a member of the MCU in the show when she was actually a rookie cop partnered with Bullock years later when Gordon is already the Commissioner. Time loop maybe? 

Selina Kyle is already a "young Catwoman" who just so happens to witness the Waynes' get gunned-down when she won't even move to Gotham City for another 15-20 years. Hmmmm? 

They make SEVERAL references to Gordon being a "War Hero" yet he can't fight at all. THEN all of a sudden during the "office fight club" episode he can fight, but still not as good as he should. I myself am ex-military AND a Iraqi War Vet so I can confidently call bull on this.

Gotham City was a wonderful place to live until that fateful day when junkie Joe Chill (who never wore a mask of any kind) gunned down Thomas & Martha Wayne in a mugging gone wrong. Yet the show would have you believe that the corruption was already there in spades and that somehow Wayne Enterprises was responsible for their deaths. Really?? THEN to add insult to injury they decided to have VENOM made by a division of Wayne Ent instead of made by Bane as those with half a brain already know.

Carmine Falcone is roughly in his 60s when Batman first appears yet he appears in the show around the same age. Is he immortal? A friend of Ra's Al Ghul perhaps?? 

Edward Nygma works for the GCPD as a CSI type guy when he is actually a video game and puzzle designer. When his multi-million dollar game design gets stolen he develops the Riddler persona to wreak his revenge. I might add that his character adds absolutely nothing to the show, so why add him? A shameless way to pug in as many iconic characters as possible? 

Copplepot aka the Penguin is not deformed, short, or fat in any way. He also has a mother. Penguin was born deformed with a non proportionate body, webbed hands, and a grotesque face that caused his parents to "get rid of him" when he was a baby. These facts are important since they helped add to the origin development of the character.

Neither Jim Gordon or Barbara Keen (Barbara Gordon / Batgirl's future mother) are redheads. Both are supposed to be, which is why Batgirl / Oracle has that beautiful iconic hair.

Ivy Pepper, instead of Pamela Isley who later becomes Poison Ivy is also NOT a redhead. What the heck?? Do these writers hate redheads??? 

Now this brings me to my most hated aspect of this show. Harvey Bullock. Yes he is a fat slob and a pain in the butt. HOWEVER, he's honest. Bullock has NEVER been on the take EVER. There have been allegations and investigations yes, but it has always been proved to be lies. He was ALWAYS the one cop who'd barrel in like a moron "hero cop" regardless of the odds shouting things like "freeze dirty bag". Making him the way they did in this show has really ruined this great and VERY iconic character.

Bottom line...

If you know nothing about comics / Batman and / or you don't care, then Gotham might be for you. However, if you're a comic / Batman fan at all, I recommend you skip this. It's not worth the watch for the amount of anger this will cause you.

This show is VERY much like "Dark Knight Rises" in the sense that it'll make actual fans very angry. If you do choose to give it a try as I did, expect to be mad every 10 seconds or so screaming at your TV as you do your best to stomach the non-sense minute after minute. I made it to Episode 8 and almost threw my TV out the window I was so angry. Worst experience of my life.

You've been warned...