What the fu**ck is this show, where a corrupt banker gets attached to a weather balloon and then fatally float into the heavens? That's just one of a list of dumb things that happens in this so called TV-show! There are a lot of problems with Gotham, but it's the tone of the series that is the biggest. It's what makes the show simply silly, as instead of fun or comic book-y. The way the show is going it's only going to get cartoonier - by the third episode and they have killed someone with a weather balloon, so where the hell is the series going when it hits multiple seasons? By the time Batman shows up the show will be a Joel Schumacher movie. This show comes across low budget, it's Fox, the biggest network i the US. I had expected more. The show's producers think that they are creating a dark and gritty show, but really it only comes across as dumb and ridiculous. Gotham also have the need to use every Batman character ever, if you have a good script you don't need to remind people that they are watching a Batman TV-series. Also every goddamn character spends half their time reminding us who they will become. In a series full of sh**itty ideas having a young Emo Bruce Wayne ,harming himself , listening to death metal and drawing severed heads, in every episode could be the one of the worst. Batman's tortured psychology is the least fascinating thing about the character The only good thing you can say is that Ben McKenzie as James Gordon. He's a good actor with an interesting role that keeps getting overshadowed by the stupidity around him. The rest of the cast is horrible, Donal Logue is usually an OK actor but he could not handle the complex character of Harvey Bullock. But the absolute worst, even worse than those awful child actors is Jada Pinkett- Smith. She is the worst thing about the show; the writers thought they were original when they created Fish Mooney, The creators thought they had a new Harley Quinn, but in reality they only had a bleak Eartha Kitt impersonation. A better version of Gotham would have been if it was a HBO production and it would have Gotham be on the edge of total corruption, caught in a mob war between Maroni and Falcone families. Only twice a season a Batman villain is introduced and not unrealistic ones but characters like Mr. Zsasz. Fill the rest of the series with police business and mafia intrigue. Go into the mafia families more. Have young Jim Gordon be an optimistic detective who takes on the corruption in the city. He might later side with a young, hopeful politician to clean up Gotham, and have the series be about the tragedy of that politician coming to power and betraying his friend and the city and becoming corrupt. And in every season the city gets a little worst, all this leads up to Batman. Most importantly, Bruce Wayne can't be in it. Instead in the final episode we will get a cameo by Bruce Wayne.