Well over the course of two weeks or more I've openly expressed my disinterest in the television show Gotham. People don't seem to understand just how bad of a show that it is in my eyes. So I figured I'd shed some light on to it and give you my reasons, maybe it'll help everyone understand why I don't want to watch it a little more.

And on we go! 

1. Gotham pre production was touted as being solely about Jim Gordon and how he rose from detective to Commissioner. Now when I read about this I was really excited thinking "It's about damn time that James Gordon's story got told. he's quite the bad ass and deserves his own show". Hell it was written that the show would be this gritty cop drama right up there with CSI and I was all on board with it. Until somewhere down the line they (the production company) either lost faith in a show all about James Gordon and needed to add Baby Bats into it. I lost my faith in the show after that. 

2. The Incident of the name Pamela Lillian Isley: 

I am sorry but for the creative team to give every single one of the characters their correct and proper name aside from her is just wrong. Pamela Isley is not nor will ever be Ivy Pepper or Pepper Ivy whatever they want to name her. It's a slap in the face of the history of the character there never was a IP(I don't even want to type that name again) ever in Poison Ivy's history.

Again my faith in this show is crushed. 

3. The sheer amount of them throwing the Cat in people's faces. Yes I am beginning to view this show as nothing more than propaganda for the Cat, every review I watch on YouTube or read about on the internet always says the same thing. "Selina Kyle this...., Catwoman that..." I'm sick of that character I really am. I've tried to like her many times over my last 20+ years of collecting comics and I just can't, I've so tried god only knows how much I've tried. 

Faith again crushed in the show. 

4. The Wayne's. Every single reiteration of Batman they die in the first 5 minutes. Since they felt the need to add them why didn't they let them live for a season or two just to show what their reaction to the crime that was going on around Gotham. Yes I know we've been told countless times that the Wayne's were the paragon of good in Gotham that they were the glue holding the city together, but there is also the idea that maybe they weren't exactly as pristine as everyone believes. Could they have been involved in some of the crime? Were they killed because of some reason connected to a family member? 

I would have let the Wayne's live for a few seasons hell throughout the whole show, sure we could have seen Bruce as a child coming home from school throughout it but we didn't need to see his parent's death so classically soon. 

Further crushing of faith! 

5.The Slogan of the Show: Gotham before Batman! 

Gotham before Batman was the Crime Families. You have the Cosa Nostra(Sicilian families): Bertinelli, Beretti, Cassamento, Galante, Inzerilio, Panessa, Falcone,Maroni, Sabatino families. Plus the rarely seens ones of Dimitrov,Ibanescu, Moxon, Odessa, Riley, Yakuza. Not to mention Roman Sionis' father that lead his own if memory serves right. I would have loved to have seen all of these families and their rises to power, the power struggles within, and the crimes that James Gordon and the GCPD would have had to solve to get to the source. Plus the subsequent downfall of those illustriously infamous crime families. Think Boardwalk Empire meets Gotham, a pure classic gangster drama with the GCPD involved. I would have watched the hell out of that. 

Tack on all of that plus the gangs that were around and I'm sure that GCPD and Gotham had more than enough to do for a show that wasn't supposed to be about Batman. 

Yeah I've thought about this. Why couldn't they? 

6. The villains: 

First off some of these villains they have as adults in the show are supposed to be the same age as Bruce, hell Penguin went to school with Bruce for Pete's sake. Harvey Dent is friends with Bruce, a friendship between them now on the show will be just weird. Even so they didn't even come on to the scene until AFTER Bruce became Batman, not before and technically by the show's slogan "Gotham before Batman" they shouldn't even be around. 

7. The Actors: 

While I do love Donal Logue as an actor I feel that one man cannot carry a show on his own. I've heard through friends and family who've watched it that the acting is not exactly that great. Hell I should be all on this show considering that Jada Pinkett Smith is from my home state but I'm not the stuff I saw with her just didn't sing to me. 

But there you go my reasons for not watching Gotham. Maybe now you'll understand why I'm not keen on this show at all. I am certain I will receive many flames because of this post and I am ready for it. This is just my opinion as to why this show isn't for me and why it could have been amazing but the production company lost faith in James Gordon and fell back on the "Safety Net" of Batman that WB and DC always tend to do.