Foremost, I have to say that I've held my judgement and my review until the plot can develop. All of the "genius" reviewers who raved at the Pilot and cried at episodes 2 & 3 not meeting their expectations...just needed to take a deep breath and widen their vision. Yes, there were things that didn't make sense and pieces that seemed implausible at first viewing, but those moments develop into supporting pieces of the evolving story line. If you get bored and lash out the first time there is a loose end or something you don't understand, maybe you should stick to mainstream shows that tie everything in a nice bow after every episode.

Despite the long shot percentage chance of certain conditions taking place and the simplicity in the description of events that would certainly be much more difficult and more complicated, the plot is fantastic, the writing is excellent and Rami Malek kills it as Elliot. 

Many reviewers have decided to pick at any little imperfection and try and tear apart a well balanced show...as if they could have done better. What most fail to understand is that...yes...you could depict the show a bit more realistically and make events develop slower and with more challenge to the characters, but THEN the show wouldn't move along fast enough to keep the attention of your average ADD tech junkie and then viewers would complain about that. The whole production of the show is a balance and sometimes TV probability and TV physics wins out over reality in the name of public interest and squeezing the episodes into 40 minutes. I could spend more time elaborating on my opinion of the review situation, but no one cares what I say because I'm just a single voice in the noise. In the end, Mr. Robot is an amazingly good show and I cannot wait to see where they go from here. 

If you're on the fence, check it out...but do yourself a favor and go in with a bit of patience and an open mind. I have intentionally avoided specific citations from the show, as I don't want to spoil anyone's personal experience discovering it for themselves and I don't feel like any single description or event can adequately describe the show and the underlying genius. (Yes, I said genius.) The real genius (said it again) is the restraint that the writing shows...the patience in letting the story develop and the excellent delivery of Malek, Chaikin, Doubleday, Wallstrom, Slater and an amazing cast of supporters. Well done!