Well, I have never wrote a review before, but this time I really had to, I've seen enough TV Series and I sincerely want to say that Mr.Robot got me more than every single other shows that I've personally seen. I think the actors were well chosen, everyone plays their role incredible, especial the main ones, I really love them all, absolutely amazing play by everyone, I probably sound like a really fanboy and probably I am, but I always dreamed about this kind of TV Series, never expected to be this well done, always thought it would be a "meh" or something boring as hell. Actually, right after the first episode I knew that this first season will have a lot of things in it, but it had way more than I personally expected, so many things happened in such a short time, and all of them were really well done, so that's a good thing in my opinion, meaning that they have many ideas on how to continue the show. The most amazing thing about this show is that everything that's on it, it's actually reality, I know that many of you knew that, but there are people who think that this is not happening in real life and it's just someone's imagination, just a TV Series, so I hope maybe this kind of show will open more eyes and I know it will. My favorite character is Martin Wallström aka Tyrell Wellick, why's that? Well, because he's the kind of guy most met in real life, a selfish, greedy, liar, "ass-kisser", impulsive or maybe just a psychopath. Right after him, comes the main character Rami Malek aka Elliot Alderson, he's really amazing, it actually reminds me a bit of a Dexter, the CD thing, how he talk to himself etc, really amazing character, also he's very calculated, unlucky that he turned into a junkie, but I hope he won't go back on crack again and stay clean. If I were supposed to make a top 3 favorite characters at least for the first season, it would be really hard for me, since the third place is really hard to give, Stephanie Corneliussen playing the character of Joanna Wellick and Christian Slater as Mr.Robot, I know my top is probably weird for many people, but I really think that Janna is just incredible, I think that she will have a big influence in the next seasons, she's a really strong character and Stephanie plays her outstanding. Joanna is probably the perfect wife for Tyrell, they both match perfectly, a very strong family since both are kinda the same, even if Tyrell did so many wrong and bad things, Joanna knew about them all and still supports him which it show high quality of trust and respect for her husband, from me that is a big thumbs up, also even if she is scared about him, she still manage to shake him a bit and not let him do whatever he wants. About Mr.Robot, well, there's not much to say, he's a really interesting character played by one incredible actor, to be honest, I knew somehow that he was Elliot's father, and probably most of us did, but never expected what actually happened, it made my brain explode for a second, really stunning the entire thing, I just love how the character is played, I don't have any special things about him, because everything special about him, it is connected to Elliot, since they both are kinda same person, but I like how the character is played, really well played.

Amazing Season, the next season starts right on my birthday, so I call it a well accepted gift! (I'm not a native English Speaker, so I'm sorry for my grammatical errors)