Where do I start? Perhaps by stating what I feel is important; forget the fact that Mr. Robot airs on USA network, as it is HBO/Showtime quality material from start to finish. The writing is fantastic, the acting is generally good throughout, and the music is uniquely fitting for the world these characters live in. Mr. Robot is a show of many twists, some more obvious than others, but more importantly it bucks the trend of storytelling found in most modern cable TV shows. 

What I found interesting about this show is that the producers/writers are quite willing to push the proverbial envelope for network television. There is plenty of sex, swearing(although it is "silenced" out, it's still quite obvious what the characters are saying), violence and backstabbing to keep even the most grizzled Game of Thrones vet interested. 

More importantly than that though, is the content that the show brings. For once we have an intelligent show about not just hacker's lives, but hacking in general. Most of the hacks found in this show are grounded in at least some reality, which is a far cry from what we are used to seeing in movies and media over the last several decades. Notice Elliot booting up a Kali Linux distro on his computer to "own" one of his targets? That's about as real as it gets in the hacking world, and I truly appreciate the realism the show brings. As a Computer Science student who is currently focusing on Cyber Security, I really appreciate the level of detail Mr. Robot brings in regard to cyber security/attacks. Even the computer jargon used by the characters is nearly always accurate, which is even more surprising for a TV show. 

If you don't care about all the techie stuff, there is plenty of twists, intrigue, and backstabbing here for everyone. While the show certainly focuses heavily on computers/hacking, you certainly don't need a background to understand whats going on. It sure does make it more interesting if you do, though ;)

Overall this is a show that deserves all the credit it is getting, and more. I waited until season 2 came out before I started watching season 1, mostly because I thought USA wasn't capable of delivering a show of this caliber. This is my humble opinion obviously but if you are like me, don't let the network turn you off. This show has a lot to offer for most, if not all, adult audiences, and should be given at least the first 3 episodes before judgment. I just cannot applaud the creators/producers enough for creating a smart, accurate, show about the modern technology world. If you haven't watched it yet, well, you have 2 seasons to catch up on. And for that, i'm very jealous.