What a Show! I am proud of the moment when i decided to watch this series. The first episode laid out the premise pretty clearly (or so i thought). On one side, super nerdy and smart hacker(s) rebelling against the tyranny of the controlling giants of the world. Right people with the right tools Vs. wrong people with all the power. Great enough for me to spend my time.

Mr. Robot features some nice close-to-real hacker ways and tricks. Intelligent and meaningful conversations and protagonist interacting through the fourth wall. Oh how thrilling this is! Just the type of show that matters to me.

Now that I am writing this after the end of the first season, it makes me think... Of the plot, of the characters, of the theme and of good and bad. Initially the story seemed to me, plain and simple, right vs. wrong. But most often, 100 out 100 times, right and wrong isn't so binary. There are right people doing the right things in all the wrong ways. So are wrong people using the right ways to do the wrong things. In reality, there isn't a clear demarcation between black and white. And the creators have deeply considered it while making the show. It shows clearly in their characters. All fighting their ways through strength and weakness, amidst clouds of dilemma and flashes of clarity.

The protagonist Elliot (played by Sam, the creator of the show), is a deeply complex but REAL character. Just like any other human being. He feels lonely, is sad by the sad things of the world. He is just in nature and expresses his sympathy for the blindness in the world. He tries to set things right on his level but, just like the rest of us, has his own demons to fight against. He is on drugs, he hacks deep into the privacy of others, but still in his core is the 'best person I know' as pointed out by a fellow character. 

I insist everyone to find time for this genius of a show. This will engage you in on multiple levels. This will make you think a lot of so many things. Or even just for the sheer pleasure of watching some good film-making. You will not be disappointed.

I give it a full bar. 10/10.

Cheers. :)