About 11 years ago, there was a new sense of urgency brought into my life by watching Lost for the first time. I was no longer merely entertained for the last hour; I would from then on be waiting on baited breath for 7 days until the next episode to find out what happened to these characters, who in time I increasingly felt so connected to. When Lost ended, that thirst didn't end, and created a void which couldn't be filled, since there would be no more episodes. I understood the story had ended; it was told (whether or not one's opinion was that was appropriately explained or not is irrelevant) and I knew as much about the characters' story as I was going to know). The only way to fill that void was with something else, and so I did, with Breaking Bad. It was different...I was still compelled to know these characters story; still felt a connection with them, though they were so unlike me. It still did what Lost had done; made me look at the connections of those characters and how it related to my world. It made me question my own actions or how I looked at my problems. It made me think. When Breaking Bad ended in spectacular fashion, it left a hole. I tried to fill that hole with many series...ones I truly liked even, but none could fill that place. Mr. Robot immediately filled that void, while also being so different than anything that compelled me before.

Hacker story lines have been attempted before, usually to the tune of complete disaster. "Blackhat" did this most recently, and most horribly. Even just the premise of hammer- wielding God Chris Hemsworth as a hacker turned action hero is ludicrous. The movie itself was even worse. 20 years ago, "Hackers" failed miserably (though in a hilariously entertaining way, thus thrusting the movie into cult status) to give us a credible look into the world of technology. Mr. Robot successfully does this, and that's not even the most compelling reason to watch it.

The main character is wonderfully written and even more brilliantly portrayed by Rami Malek. He's morbidly introverted and neurotically paranoid, but his sense of justice and ability to be a blind guardian taps into your inner-Batman right at its veins. You want this character to succeed; not just at the tasks at hand, but conquering the inner struggles he has. You want to grow with him.

I will also say this is brilliantly written and directed. If you told me this was a David Fincher project I wouldn't even had fact-checked it to find out that was wrong. It's insanely ambitious to cover all of the things it does in one episode, but in doing so sets up the plot perfectly at once instead of taking 3 or 4 episodes to get you hooked the way House of Cards or even The Sopranos did. I am all in right away. The plot is tucked and ready to go, and I believe in this character and his goals. Show me what you've got, Mr. Robot. I'm strapped in and ready for the journey.