First off, I want to say I have read a lot of reviews, and then read a TON of negative reviews, to try and grasp some sort of understanding of how they got their opinion on the show. With that being said I will continue my personal view, and state a few reasons why some may have negatively viewed it.

I connected with Mr. Robot immediately from the first episode, the show is just incredibly well written, from the dialogue, to the characters lack of emotional and monotone presence, and even his flaws, which looked at negatively started to grow on me, (which I will go into at the end of this.) I wanted to say all the hacking scenes are in fact how they are really done, and do not sugar coat anything. Everything in this show is true down to the very core of its entire presence, and meaning, which can only be understood by finishing Season 2.

Mr. Robot was an eye opener that I feel everyone needs to view with an open mind, clearly myself being in the technology space, and having hacked as a child for my own personal reasons, I related well to this show. However hacking is not the purpose of this shows full intent, it goes so deep into the mind of a character you may not 100% relate to, but know he exists in this world so you feel in touch with him. Mr. Robot is battling himself in multiple characters, one that wants to change the world, and free everyone from the grasp of a corrupt system. Down to the lost young soul, who is dealing with social anxiety issues, and sadly a drug addiction. Of course as I stated, you must have an open mind, if you are not open minded, this show is not for you... Shall I continue? 

Diving deep into the negative criticism that seemed mostly spawned over the first 3-4 episodes, I feel viewers did not truly give it the chance it deserved before rating the show, therefor could not possibly offer the readers an accurate review. I personally will not watch a TV show until a 2nd season has been completed, so therefore my review is being written a month after binge watching the full 2 seasons in less than a week. Which a month later.. I still cannot stop thinking about as I write this review.

From my personal perspective I think viewing any drug addiction can have a strongly negative effect on its viewers. I was a bit shocked to watch them dive so deeply into his addiction, and social disassociation, which for me, was tough to watch, as it was portrayed all throughout season 1. Then I realized, what is a person, without a flaw? How do you find someone so careless, yet so optimistic about life? Someone who lacks the social qualities, which keep him up late at night scouring the dark web, and hacking everyone who crosses his path? You infuse a drug problem. Now you have created a ticking time bomb of which is, Mr. Robot.

I ask viewers to rate the show after Season 2. As I honestly could not find a single reason to rate this show anything less than a 10/10. I personally am writing this review because I cannot believe this show is not ranked up to the level of Breaking Bad, which btw... I had a hard time watching at first, then once you get over the entire disgusting meth thing the show is entirely based on, you find something amazing. Just as you surely will find by venturing into the mind of... Mr. Robot.