This show screws you over on a regular basis. And not in an emotional way (like when Game of Thrones kills your favourite character off screen/as a minor subplot) but just that it is a wild ride. Do not binge watch a whole season in less than a week like I did because it will frazzle your brain to the extent that it took me a few weeks off cheesy chick flicks to recover. The acting in this show is fantastic, Rami Malek is perfect and I hope this doesn't make him typecast from now on. Christian Slater was a really pleasant surprise, he is so good in this, really deserved that Golden Globe. But the real star of the show is Sam Esmail. He has basically dedicated his life to this show and it was worth it. He is the writer, the director and he produces it. He is the mastermind behind all of it and he may well be a genius. He seems to take great pleasure into lulling you into a false sense of security just long enough for you to get comfortable, and then punches you in the face with a twist which makes you mad and impressed at the same time. Obviously, as it is a show based around hacking you would expect some lovely "hacker voice: I'm in" and fun animations of a loading bar with the caption "hacking the FBI". Or at least a super- realistic map of all the offline, heavily encrypted, password protected computers that are somehow being hacked from some guy's laptop in a Starbucks. But this series has truly ruined any other shows/movies that contain hacking because it does such a good job. In fact, the only problem I have with this show is that it contains so much technical hacker talk sometimes that it can be difficult to follow some scenes. However, I just watch it with subtitles if I'm not in the mood to concentrate fully. However, if I am concentrating properly, the hacker dialogue is very easy to follow and somewhat educational. It's almost as if they are giving me a lesson on how to hack. Obviously, if you understand computers a little better than me, it shouldn't be a problem. And given that I'm not an actual hacker, I cannot know whether the hacking is entirely accurate, but the way it is presented seems to be very realistic indeed. If, however, you know nothing about computers and are not interested at all, this my not be the show for you. And the hacking isn't the only thing which is realistic. This show manages to combine crazy surrealism with super realism at the same time. Everything is presented to you in a way that is totally believable, with a few minor exceptions which usually get explained later on. The characters are all believable and their development is not only well presented, it is logical and compelling. The only thing about the actual presentation of the show which narks me a little (and I'm being really picky here) is the use of long lingering wide shots. I personally love this most of the time (game of thrones had a particularly great one in S06E10, no spoilers) but I feel it is slightly overused here. The whole point of these shots is to cause the audience to stop just idly taking in information and switch to searching mode, because they are looking for the important thing which has halted their experience. This means they pay more attention and blah, blah, blah, the next thing to happen seems to be even more shocking and yet completely expected. However, if used too much it tires out the audience and they lose their effect, which I feel happens occasionally in this show. On the other hand, one thing which the show does masterfully is manage to include a voice-over in a non-comedy without it being annoying. I usually find voice overs to be distracting and lazy but the way it is used here, although it took a second to adjust, is actually very convincing and not lazy at all. It adds, and it doesn't take away. Anyway, to summarise, this show throws you curve balls when you didn't even realise anyone was even doing baseball based idioms and will make you question everything, both in the show and in real life. Watch like it's fine chocolate or very strong drugs, a little bit on a regular basis.