So first of all, before I started watching I had no clue what Mr Robot was about. I taught that it was a neutral series (when you have dark themed - neutral - feel good) but when I watched the first episode I was proved wrong. In the first five minutes you can see Elliot already crying because he is lonely. I didn't mind this, because the dark tone really suited the series. I also think that the first episode, the pilot, was one of the best pilots ever. the only thing that bothered me was the last episode, it was a really good episode, but it wasn't a good ending to the series, it didn't even gave us the answer to the question: who is behind the mask. But what I liked was that they make you believe throughout the series that Mr. robot is real. But at the ending you realize that he isn't and is just a fantasy from Elliot. There are some other twists in the story and I like these as well. And when they kill of Shyla You can feel that (sorry for my language) sh*t is about to get real. And I love these kind of feelings. THe hacking part was a very good aspect of the series. The narration part was very well executed and I taught that it was very original of them that they made an excuse up for it. This excuse was that Elliot mas up this person and started talking to him, this so called person is in reality the audience. 

Rami Malek as Elliot was really good. This is his best roll by far. He was very convincing as a social anxiety boy. But who is still very smart. Elliot was also a likable character. I very much liked the aspect that Elliot uses his hacking skills to play a 'vigilante' at night Christian Slater was just amazing in portraying Mr. Robot and the speech he gives at the end of the last episode was just so good it gave me chills. The acting overall is excellent just as the writing. Because the writing is so good there is this constant suspense. This is also a very well shot and edited series with very realistic Hacking.

Thank you for reading this review, I would definitely recommend this series to everyone who likes a darker, well shot and realistic series. This is by far one of the best series of 2015 and I hope you will like it as well. 

P.S. fsociety!