It's been said that all of the best writers have gone to television because it's the best medium for them to communicate their ideas (rather than quashing creativity in favour of shorter run-times and fingers-crossed-it-doesn't-bomb sequels). This saying couldn't me more truthful when considering the beautiful television we've had the last decade (Breaking Bad, Game of Thrones, Suits to name a few). Mr. Robot is the latest welcome addition to an already stacked arsenal of today's greatest hits. 

This show has captivated me from the very beginning. The writing is incredible and when speaking of the internal dialogue the lead runs through in particular, this show can be placed in my top 5 of all time. The way they've captured the perspective of someone with a mental illness is impeccable. I don't want to get into too much detail in fear I may brush over a spoiler, but this is definitely one of this show's crowning achievements (of which there are many). 

There is a very low-level of predictability here as well. I've found my mouth agape multiple times with a number of the twists and turns the plot takes along its path through quandary. 10/10 on that front. 

The acting is some of the best I've seen. If Rami doesn't get an Emmy or AT THE VERY LEAST a nomination, I will aggressively download malware and execute it willingly while laughing like a maniac. 

The camera work is excellent as well, with some very creative and insightful choices for lighting/angle as well as unique methods to capture space. (i.e. camera attached to door as it opens). 

Above all, the music is really what steals the show here. I've never encountered a show with this level of auditory finesse before. Mac Quayle has really created something special here. His soundscape is modern and enthrallingly relevant to the subject matter. I've compared it to some of Trent Reznors work to some extent but it is totally on it's own in terms of creative boundary. I'd love to hear who he's drawn some of his inspiration from.

Anyways, all in all this show has done nothing but genuinely entertain me on the deepest, most impactful level. Beautifully written, directed, composed for, acted, paced, and filmed. I hope it receives all of the recognition it deserves and I can't wait for more! 

10/10 MASTERFUL WORK