I am not too sure how to begin this review and I honestly start it with mixed feelings only because I have watched all three seasons now. Should I have written it up until the middle of season three, this would have been an easy 10/10. However somewhere during season three it started to go down for me. 

But lets start with the pros. The first 2.5 seasons were virtually amazing - very clever and exciting plot, amazing characters, the show never ceased to be thrilling and unexpected, probably one of the best out there. James Spader is a great character throughout the show and only builds up and up. 

Now with the cons...I suppose they started with Megan Boone who plays Elizabeth Keen. Whilst she was amazing in the first couple of seasons, I wonder if it is the writers' fault or hers for the downfall in season three. I beg to differ from the comments about her looks, because although they may have gotten worse with age ( we are all human after all) I doubt this is all that was to it and made her character lose charisma and become somewhat less and less believable and well, lets face it - boring. The connection that was there with Red became flawed and broken and it really ruined the whole concept in so that they had to kill her in s03e18? It seems logical for the character in the show she had become, but the way it happened was so soap opera that just added to the disappointment and almost made me wish she had stayed in the show. 

Overall, I hope it picks up in season 4 and I would definitely recommend the show as being amazing to anyone. Just a little minus to the latter part of season 3 where it became too trite and unexciting as it generally used to be before that. 

Good show to watch though, I've definitely enjoyed it and hope it stays strong. P.S. After watching this through to the end of S03, I must admit despite Elizabeth's death, the show picks up towards the end of the last (so far) season and stays strong, building some very strong expectations for S04. Really looking forward to it.