As pilot's go, this is one of the better ones.

The good news: Megan Boone is terrific and James Spader looks great bald. The rest of the cast does fine but, except for Zamani, aren't given a lot to do.

The writing goes from great to stupid: for example, Boone's introduction as she and her husband wake up late and go through a beautifully choreographed dance to the front door. Or as she gets home, sees the "it's a Girl" sign but quickly discovers her husband tied to a chair, bloodied and struggling. The short transformation from joy to terror could have been trite but Boone made it believable and dramatic. The scene with little girl at the zoo, was equally well done - avoiding triteness through Boone's performance and its focus on her interaction with the girl, not the bomb.

The bad news: The writing goes from great to stupid. After the dance, the pace dies and Boone and Hubby stand around doing Donna Reed (loved that show, sorry Donna) until the copter and screaming cars appear. They should have cut directly from the dance to the copter.

Then there's the abduction of the little girl from an FBI convoy in a scene that is totally unbelievable - I mean, an empty bridge with cones forcing cars into a single lane and everyone goes "Oh, OK"?

The shootout that follows was pure Cowboys and Indians and give me a break. Played out as "how to get ride of the extras".

Then there's the allusion to "Silence . . ." - Spader restrained in a chair in a cage facing Booth as they both sit surrounded by agents who should be off doing something productive. Doesn't work. 

So what makes this pilot better than most? Megan Boone, with an assist from Spader, and the instances of good writing which, hopefully, will be more abundant in the future. Boone makes Blacklist both watchable and entertaining.

Now a few words to the disappointed: it's your right to like or dislike anything or anyone you please. It is not your right to tell anyone else, and I mean anyone else, what they should or should not enjoy. Can it or get a time machine and return to '30 Germany.

And Spader fans: review the show, not your expectations of how he should or should not have been used. Personally, I think he did fine in his secondary role.

Update 3-06-14. Very pleased to see the show take off, Spader's character take the lead and Spader himself become the driving force. He does a terrific job.

Megan Boone maintains her character well, especially in relation to Spader; co-equal but following a slightly different agenda.

The shift in focus is accompanied by a much more intimate style in pacing and presentation, tight framing and leisurely story-telling interspersed with well-done, well-paced action scenes. Very different from the pilot.

There are logical flaws but that's a characteristic of the genre - equally true for Bones or The Mentalist, Burn Notice or White Collar. As long as they don't scream at you, just par for the course.

Finally, love the subplot with the husband: innocent shill or devious mole? Will we ever know?