I can see why some have given this show moderate reviews, because in all honesty, the premise does lift plot devices from other media. That being said, I'm convinced that the reviewers who gave the show less than 6 stars are either so unsophisticated that they cannot recognize a good foundation for a TV show, or else they are third world workers, who don't own a TV, but are paid to slander the show to reduce NBC market share (ie "Uncle Sam 217" from Kazakhstan who says White House Down got snubbed at the Oscars).

This show has a solid premise and a good core cast. Spader as Reddington, the criminal middleman eliminating the competition by using the FBI, is brilliant, devious, and sympathetic all at the same time. The lead. The very idea of his character is just a cool concept to begin with. As an aside, Skinny Pete from breaking bad is a surprisingly good fit as Spader's mysterious colleague. Another nice touch was that Spader isn't just locked up but actively remaining a criminal and basically using the FBI, he keeps his business, his contacts, his bodyguards, and his control.

Megan Boone is not the ideal choice for Spader's opposite, but she is competent enough that I could see her growing into the role. She's also not unattractive. The drama at home leaves something to be desired but is steadily becoming more interesting (ie loyalties/agenda of her husband and the people surveilling her apt).

The show is very gripping and intriguing, not only because of the wild plot twists, but also because the show and its production team capitalize on getting the details right (ex. Maryland State Trooper uniforms, FBI HRT...etc).

One caution I would have for the writers, keep that attention to detail, don't get lost in the shows success. Also don't go all burn notice and relieve production costs by relying on cheap CGI and cliché dialogue. The show is good and getting better, don't mess it up to placate the mainstream low attention span.

FULL DISCLOSURE: I have only seen the first 6 episodes at this time.