Half of the facts are completely distorted in the entire story, they portrayed Escobar as the person who started trafficking, when coke was already big 10 years before him, (The Ochoa's were big way before him and he always maintained enormous respect for that family) whats the point of making a bold bilingual series thats leaves people that don't speak Spanish completely clueless if the actor has a really bad accent for the people that actually speak Spanish (And i have nothing against Moura he was great in Tropa De Elite) Real Colombians wont like the show that much. If you don't mind reading captions and are really interested in Escobars story chronologically told with more accurate facts I recommend "El Patron del Mal" its on netlfix, maybe its not a super production but the story line is great, one of the best narco stories out there. If you don't mind a bad accent because you think acting is great i bet you can sacrifice expensive productions for a great story line. Follow that up with "En la Boca del Loco (Cali Cartel) and Cartel De los Sapos (Norte del Valle Cartel) and you will have a pretty good idea of the narco culture from Colombia with better and more accurate facts (And I'm not Colombian BTW) Leaving important people out like: Griselda Blanco, George Jung and Roberto Suarez and the Rest of the Cali Cartel really messed up the story. The problem is that netflix in the rush of catching up with the great ratings all these narco shows are having in Spanish has tried to come out with wathever story told about Escobar and sacrificed a great opportunity of making the best gangster show to date. I would honestly would not be disappointed if there is no season two... Believe me I'm not trying to spoil the show for anybody but if you actually watch other shows and read BIOS or documentaries you will end expecting more from a super production like this. Hopefully in next seasons I'm assuming they will tell stories of other important narco's we will see better stories that make sense (And I'm speculating that future season will be about other important narcos along with Escobars death, Lets not forget that they covered more than 15 years in 10 episodes, and escobar died around a year after leaving the Catedral Prison how many episodes will this take then?) so I'm assuming they will jump to tell the story of the Cali cartel most likely.

Just a review with the best of the intentions.