If I had to describe the series with a single word, that would be it. Luckily, I don't have to.

For all the characters introduced, there's a serious lack of character building. They just "are" and that's it. I've seen people mention it along with Breaking Bad, describing how dark and heavy it is. Laughable. It was like an emotionless documentary, including the monotone, and in this case, utterly pointless narrative that further strengthened that feeling, while adding next to nothing to the characters or story. Characters were not fleshed out, you get to know next to nothing about them other than the obvious "this the cocaine guy and that's the bribed police officer", they were but cardboard cutouts with little to no motivation or change to their persona, I could not grow to like, sympathize with, or hate any of them even if my life depended on it. What made this impossible task even more difficult is how carefree their fates were handled. Stuff happened with characters and seemingly nobody really bothered; Again, it was an emotional barren. Take 5-10 minutes of conversation about, for example, the well-being or (world changing) agenda of a character of whom you know exactly as much as you got to know in those 5-10 minutes -only to have said character's fate spoiled by the narrator, in a single emotionless sentence: "he was shot and died in a minute" never to be bothered with that character again. but the show goes on, so get ready for the next nobody. Public shootouts, assassinations, rape, kidnapping, burying dozens of millions of dollars because why not, 15 minutes later it is like none of it happened -or bears relevance. Shootouts never mentioned again, assassination just barely mentioned, kidnapping took up a total of 2 minutes of screen time, rape forgotten along with the money, the "story" moves on with little focus on anything. Anything other than Spanish. That is but a personal opinion as someone who doesn't speak, like or expect an American series all that Spanish language; It was extremely annoying, having to read 90% of the conversations whilst listening to a disliked foreign language. The show was boring, but to follow the story, I could not take my eyes off the screen because I'd miss out on all those very important and emotional and interesting conversations it had to offer(!!!). I can already hear the "for realism!" arguments, of which I thought about myself as the only redeeming point...to no avail. For realism, maybe they could've made characters behave like actual human being, with like emotions and stuff, or maybe give a personality to Pablo Escobar that isn't pretty much the polar opposite of his historical self. There is nothing good I can say about this overrated trash, instead I'd suggest reading the Wikipedia article, for at least that has more depth than a bloody teaspoon.