The original Hawaii Five-O was an excellent series, but it did have its faults. Jack Lord was a great actor and had the charisma and acting ability to pull off the leading role of McGarrett very convincingly. It also had great pacing and didn't rely on fast-paced action. It was all about suspense that held your interest. On the other side of the coin, James MacArthur as Dano was woefully inadequate. He was relegated to being a walking prop - no personality or facial expressions. The rest of the regular cast was even more obscure.

The newest version relies on action and computer generated effects. The result is a fast-paced mess. Alex O'Loughlin can't pull off the lead role as McGarrett. He seems to be very limited as an actor - he seems to have no acting experience; as if they hired someone who was working in construction to play the role. Scott Caan can act, and he possesses a lot of the charisma and talent that his dad, James Caan once had. But he is relegated to the role of "wingman" in this "buddy" style action series. He's always commenting on or criticizing McGarrett, as if there's a real "bromance" going on. Why does Danno constantly wave his hands around whenever he is talking? He even does this when speaking on a cellphone, when nobody else is in the room. Now, he's starting to do it while other people are talking. Sad.

Both Kim and Park are good as they round off the Five-O squad. They are, in fact, more interesting than O'Loughlin and Caan. I believe both these actors are Korean and are playing their roles as Hawaiians. I wonder how most native Hawaiians feel about this.

The show is too fast-paced and the action sequences seem clipped and are lacking in suspense. The Camaro is cool. The look of O'Loughlin and Caan as stubby-faced guys who appear to be shaving challenged is annoying. The casting of a weak actor in the lead role (O'Loughlin) could be the biggest drawback here.

In the meantime, Danno seems quite infatuated with McGarrett, who is playing it coy while he staves off his subtle advances. It won't be long before these two are doing the horizontal hula.