I'm 57 years old, so I was only 9 when the original pilot oh Hawaii Five-O premiered in 1968, with its two hour pilot titled "Cocoon". It was later put in two parts and played at the end of the first season after being a two hour movie. Me and my little brother who is three years my junior would run out into the back yard and pretend to be Steve McGarrett and Damp. I had a shoulder holster, but McGarrett's after the movie premiere didn't have the white elastic holding his holster on his left shoulder by way of his right shoulder. For the rest of the show until he started dressing in a black shirt and pants (the Johnny Cash look) to go with his Elvis style hair do to go with the 60s always had this shoulder holster around on a coat hanger near his desk. How did he keep it on his shoulder without it falling off was a mystery to me and it still is. Later when he went to the black suit, he would just grab his gun from the holster and run from his office. Also in the movie his car had only two doors. It became a four door during the first years of the show. After 1974 we could see the second car in the long driving views which had by then became stock footage. The skinny neckties, narrow lapels, and drain pipe pants, dress shoes and loafers as my dad called them made these stars of the original look Ike real police officers to me. People dressed neat in those days, dressing down for a laborer was wearing a dark pair of pants and a white dress shirt. Most people over 30 wear clean shaven with a neat hair cut. Of course with the original series being set in the 1968, 69 & 70s season we had the striped pants, shaggy hair, Roman sandal, and love beads of the hippy elimate and the ladies in mini skirts and go go boots. But 50s office hardly ever changed nor did it's furniture except for a few episodes. And those great guest stars like Leslie Nielsen, Andrew Duggan, Gavin MacLeod, Sam Melville, Parnell Roberts, Sal Mineo, Andrew Prine, Andy Griffith, John Ritter, Vic Morrow, and recurring characters like Wo Fat, etc. Those are my fond memories of the show which me and my wife have on DVD box sets 1-12. I liked other cop shows back then like Mannix, The FBI, The Fugitive, Ironside, etc. Now about the new so called Hawaii 5-0. True that having splices of rock and pop songs in it that does go back to the days of Miami Vice, Don Johnson even used the phrase in one episode"Book 'em Dano". Which is where most likely more modern series like CSI: Miami stole that idea from. This particular version in my opinion except for the theme song has the editing, the style, the non Hawaii 5-0 sounding music within the program, the color texture of CSI: Miami, so I say it should have been titled CSI: HAWAII. Another gripe is that I don't believe those computer graphics that they use to catch criminals has been invented yet so that's cheating the public. When Sherlock Holmes and Charlie Chan used their brains, magnifying glasses and other little things to catch criminals, that stuff really did exist. Also in my opinion they should have named the father that was kidnapped and murdered not John, but Steve McGarrett, Sr. making the new dude Steve McGarrett, Jr. And give the other characters completely new names, turning Kono into a girl just sucks. And sticking McGarrett's 1974 Mercury in there, should have been Steve's old car not John's. And they should have got someone to play Jack Lord's part with a pile of hair in the style of a pompadour hair do. Then I could accept the show if they were only kin like father and son, senior and junior. That is just being disrespectful to the old show, CBS should have known better. What's the old saying "if something isn't broke you don't need to fix it". They should have made this a new show with all new characters and not monkey with the original and pretend that it never existed. Oh by the way unless he was undercover as a dirty migrant worker on an old rust bucket of a boat McGarrett was always well groomed, he wouldn't touch that nasty red tool box with a ten foot pole. Plus I don't remember him tinkering with cars, sail boats were his thing in a Panama Jack hat. This show isn't worth Tom Selleck's old shirts from Magnum PI, which was more like Hawaii 5-0 than this dud. So much so that I thought Jack Lord should have appeared in it.