You know you're watching How To Get Away with murder when you cheer on the death of a perky but annoying reporter. Emily Sinclair is a prosecutor who likes to push her limits and get a rise out of people. She asks all the right questions at the wrong time in a twisted way. She has a long lasting rivalry with Annalise Keating and the Keating 4. Technically there are five to the team but Asher has been going behind Annalise's back to help Sinclare in some cases, because he feels that he is not important to the team. That Annalise favors the other four members, Wes, Connor, Laurel, and Michaela. Asher feels out of the loop because he does not know the truth behind why Annalise is so protective over those four.

In the beginning of the series when Annalise picks her five member team, they take on a client named Rebecca, a college girl, who is on trial for the murder for Lila Stangard, also a college girl. During the time that they have her as a client, Sam Annalise's husband, is accused of getting Lila pregnant before she was killed. Sam and Rebecca do not get along at all due to the fact that Rebecca is blaming Sam, and the roomers are causing complications in Annalise's marriage. It gets to the point that one night when Wes, Connor, Laurel, Michaela, Rebecca, Annalise and Sam are at the Keating house/ work office Sam attacks Rebeca and tries killing her by choking her. Before Sam can actually kill her Wes beats him in the head with the trophy killing him. Since the Keating 4 were all there and they have their fingerprints all over his body, they take the body into the woods and burn it to remove the fingerprints. They then proceed to cut him up and put his dismembered body in garbage bags that eventually end up in a landfill where he is found. This then leads into a spiral effect of dirty secrets Annalise, the Keating 4 and her two assistants, Bonnie and Frank, have to keep, to keep everyone safe. This secret is kept from the beginning of the show to the season finale, when Annalise drops the bomb to Asher. Throughout the whole season Annalise, Bonnie, and Frank confer in secret and create false appearances to keep the for kids safe from themselves and to keep them from snooping around too much. They are snooping around because shortly after the death of Sam, Rebecca goes missing. In reality she is not missing, rather she is dead. Rebecca was tied up to a pole in the basement of the Keating residence by Bonnie who then duct taped her mouth shut and put a plastic bag over her head, suffocating her. This creates the start of the downfall of the team as a whole, to the point where the truth comes out and a new plot is started. Through the whole season at the beginning and end and sometimes throughout the show there are flash forwards to what is going to happen in the end. The whole season is spent building up to the big question "Who shot Annalise?"

Then the season finale comes and everything comes. Finally all of the flash forwards and sneak peaks make sense. But before the final episode comes there's plenty of drama to be had. In the episodes leading up to the finale Annalise and her team get two clients Caleb and Catherine Hapstall, a brother and sister duo who are being blamed for the murder of their parents. The Hapstall family is a very wealthy family, and a rather complicated one as well. Caleb and Catherine are adopted and it is said that they aren't really bother and sister, rather they are lovers. All though, this is disproved as the show goes on. The Hapstalls are important in the sense that the mansion that they live in, is where the finale takes place. Annalise goes from being in charge of proving both of them innocent to only having Caleb as a client, which goes along with how she will be able to carry out her devious plan. The finale then comes around and viewers from all around are ready for it. This is the big event, the two hour time frame where the entire season comes together, to be left confused and wanting to know more all over again. The finale starts out normal. A new piece evidence is found by Connor and Michaela which is a huge find for the team. This find is what ultimately leads to the way the show ends. They find a gun in the a vent in the Hapstall house. The two along with Caleb call Annalise and the rest of the team. When the others arrive they decide they need to dispose of the gun, but Connor refuses. Then Annalise gets the call. The call from Bonnie telling her what Asher did. Now the excitement starts. Part one of two