I absolutely loved this show from the first episode! After a new pilot premieres, I check out what other viewers opinions are. The critics in the newspaper and magazines really don't say very much. It's the longtime fans of drama masterminds like Shonda Rhimes that matter. I was surprised by how much negative feedback there was for this show! Viewers thought that there was too much sex, and made a point to bring up the gay student and oral sex. Obviously, "Grey's Anatomy" is a fantastic show, and contains some same sex situations. The only difference is, it involves two women. Sex is unavoidable on TV and you have to adjust to it if you want to be entertained by it.

"How To Get Away With Murder" was by no means as graphic as some of the recent shows that other regular network late night television stations have shown. For instance, NBC and their 2 seasons of "Hannibal". I love that show! However, most people would be shocked that it's not on HBO. In fact, I found that visually, it had way less violence and blood then veteran network shows like "Law and Order". Shonda Rhimes saved all of the blood for the trauma room on "Grey's Anatomy". With Viola Davis as the star, we get drama, emotion and plenty of shade thrown. I know I have asked myself several times, "What is she doing?" or "What did she just say?".

The final reason that I read most from viewers who disliked this show, was because they were lawyers or some type of law professional and their law professor never would have acted like "Annalease Keating" I think that was the intention of the writers, though. The story is fictional. She is only portraying this tough as nails professor and criminal defense attorney that is very unorthodox. If she was the textbook professor and her students didn't essentially want to be her, there wouldn't be much of a storyline.

I'm going to refer one last time to "Grey's Anatomy". I know that doctors and surgeons work long hours, especially while they are residents. I would really be a little freaked out if I was having surgery and thought about all the sex going on between doctors at work like on TV. It's not the norm, so enjoy the what you think only "Dr. Alex Karev and his cute intern girlfriend do in on-call rooms!

I respect everyone's opinions, you can love it or hate it and have your reasons why. Debate is healthy, and I hate when people use these message boards to argue with one user because they didn't like their feedback. I waited until the end of the season, and read all of the negative posts. These seemed to bother viewers the most. I was hoping that outlooks would improve, and it appears that they have. I really hope we get a second season! Only one more episode left! I really can't wait until next Thursday!