I would like to preface this review by stating that I've been using IMDb for a couple of years now. I've rated movies/shows continuously through those years, but this is my first review. My drive to actually sit down and construct, what I'm sure will be a masterpiece came after reading an overwhelming amount of bad reviews.

This show is only 9 episodes old (at the time of this review), yet the plot is very deep. If you think you know something as true, you better check the clock because the episode probably has another 5-10 minutes left. In regards to the flashbacks in earlier episodes, I have to agree with a fellow reviewer when saying that they can be a little redundant. (Though said reviewers analogy about an apple tree went straight over my head)

I'll admit, this show has a little bit of everything. Some murder, several acts of infidelity, along with some goofy moments to break the tension. As a young adult, I was surprised at the fact that I was surprised when Wes walks in on Annalise & Nate. But unlike other aspects of the show, I found that to be an accurate depiction of life. Some other accurate things I found very refreshing were 1. the gay sex scenes. (Gasp! Gays have sex?!) - We're not in the 50's anymore. Get over it and move on with your life. 2. the diverse personalities between all the characters. -- I think another review said something about "of course they would make all law students act stuck-up" -- that's definitely not the case. These are young adults in their 20's, with varying maturity levels. Like I said... realistic.

For examples of some not-so-realistic portrayals, look for the reviews by the actual lawyers. I believe there were two of them. Plenty of complaining and griping going on there.

Honestly, though, if you're expecting reality in your drama TV show... I'd have to refer you to the documentary section of the library because if you complain to me while this show is on, I will pause it and try my hardest to politely ask you to leave the room. Your pessimistic tendencies and blatant disrespect for an excellent show are not welcome.

All in all, this is probably the best show I've had the pleasure of watching in quite some time. Keep up the good work.

Acting - phenomenal