First of all, to address those individuals who called this show cliché, I like it because it different from the cliché procedural shows on TV. CSI is all good and dandy, but I grew tired of it after only two seasons. The gore got to me, and I found the plots and sets too pristine. Life does not always resolve itself in cut and dry fashion, and sometimes crimes cannot be solved with science, given the absolute lack of physical evidence. Criminal Minds looks at the psychology behind the crime, and not all of the cases covered are murders. I like the quotes given during the show because they allow for post-show contemplation and investigation. I started reading Neitsche and books on psychology because of the show.

The actors are superb! Thomas Gibson is 100% believable as Hotch, but I guess since I've never seen Darma and Greg, I don't have to adjust my perception of him. Mandy Patinkin, Matthew Gray Gubler, and Shemar Moore are just awesome (It doesn't hurt that Shemar is so easy on the eyes.), and Kristen Vangsness adds the right amount of comic relief. So far, I like the Paget Brewster as Emily Prentiss. She is quirky, her arrival was mysterious, and already I have questions about her background (why is she so good at 'compartmentalizing'?) 

I also like how the story is evolving, with episodes focusing more on the characters. Profiler, Profiled gave us background on Derek Morgan; his expertise on obsessional crimes stems from his own childhood encounter with a child molester. The two part Big Game/Revelations focused in on Spencer Reid. And then there was the implosion of Elle Greenway in the episode Aftermath, where we learn that her father was a cop that died in the line of duty. 

Some episodes have been less than stellar though, so that's what kept me from giving a perfect score. Take for example, Riding the Lightning. I had to force myself to watch that episode all the way through. It was leaning a little too close to soap opera drama to me.

Anyway, check out the show, and if this show just doesn't do it for you, check out my other recommendations: Numb3rs, Law and Order(original--though SVU is okay), and Bones.