I can honestly guarantee that criminal minds is like no other show on t.v. It's not a cheesy series of cops, it's intense and what makes it special is that every episode is different, you can watch any episode from any season (even if you have never seen it before) and you can still follow the story easily! You might think that's a bit stupid but it's really not, it makes it more intriguing as you don't no what to expect in the next episode.

Derek Morgan, Dr. Spencer Reid, Aaron Hotchner, Penelope Garcia, Jennifer Jareau, Jason Gideon and Elle Greenaway are all simple yet sophisticated characters, there apart of the BAU team for the FBI, there profilers who lurk the "UNSUB" judging by the behaviour of the criminal at the scene of crime. What's so different about criminal minds is that the show never ever goes into dept about the characters, there is no real personal story for any of them (so far that is!) but that saves all the drama which is stored into the creative writers behind the scenes who keep coming up with different crimes, murders etc every episode! Criminal minds is almost flawless, the writers deserve a huge round of applause. The show is so believable. Imagine every type of murder you can think of, or better yet every type of criminal you can think of... Done? Criminal Minds is basically all type of criminals, all different murders put into 6 seasons.

The intensity is immense throughout the whole episode! It's always a journey and it's so interesting to step into the mind of a criminal, even for 40 minutes! Once you watch the show, you will most probably say, who would of known there were so many ways someone could get murdered. It's like a treasure hunt, expect the treasure is the killer.

What more could you ask for? It's full of twists, wittiness, great drama, kick ass FBI action, intense confrontation, mind bobbling, creativeness and awesomeness! The only fault i can see happening in the future (maybe!) is since every episode is different (so far!) they must run out of ideas soon, but fingers crossed that they won't.

All in all you can enjoy this at any time, with or without a person. It's intense and different, you won't see another show like this, i promise you. It's like your actually there at times and after a couple of episodes you will actually start believing its real. Looking for something fresh, interesting, thrilling and different every episode, then this is the show for you! Be warned it might leave you paranoid!