I am not much of a television watcher. This is the first television show I have watched in 25 years. "Criminal Minds" is a superb drama with fine writing. However, there are too many grammatical mistakes for such educated people. Here are some examples: 

1. Dr. Reed uses NONE in the plural form by saying NONE ARE. NONE is singular and Dr. Reed should say NONE WAS or NONE IS. 

2. J.J. uses HAS in the singular form when she should use it in the plural form. She has said a few times "There HAS been 2, 3, 4 or 5 suicides or murders." She should say "there HAVE been......" 

3. Derek and some of the other characters use the word WAS when they should say WERE. For instance, Derek said "There is no case and if there WAS......" He should have said "and if there WERE........" If the situation is contrary or the subjunctive tense is used WERE is correct. (This is probably the most common grammatical blunder that even college professors commit.) 

4. In a recent episode Joe Mantegna said "Myself and agent Hotch are available to you." He should have said agent Hotch and I........." 

The writers for "Criminal Minds" are highly creative and it is amazing how many excellent scripts they produce when they have to write a new one weekly, but there are too many simple grammatical errors in the scripts being spoken by the FBI agents.

UPDATE 2011

"Criminal Minds" and the "Criminal Minds" spin off are the only 2 television shows I watch. I find each well acted, brilliantly directed and creatively written. However the writers need to improve the grammar of the principals, each of whom is supposed to be well educated. Last night I viewed both shows and caught 4 grammatical blunders.

In "Criminal Minds" Derek (Shemar Moore) said "HER and her friends are involved" instead of the grammatically correct SHE and her friends.

In "Criminal Minds Suspect Behavior" Beth (Janeane Garofolo) said "MYSELF and my colleagues are" instead of the grammatically correct my colleagues and I are.

The other 2 blunders involved wrong verb tenses. The characters in these outstanding shows are supposed to be highly educated. Therefore, the highly creative writers should be able to use good grammar. These blunders are ones students are taught to avoid in elementary school.

Maurice Barringer