Although I am a newbie to this wonderful show (I just started watching it in Jan 2014) I've been able to catch up with the episodes via the many stations that carry it in my area. One of the things I like in particular, is the fact that the audience learns something about each character as the show progresses. I've watched many programs in this genre, CSI, Law and Order Criminal Intent, NCIS, as well as Cold Case, however, although we get a glimpse of the background of the main characters, none is as in depth as CM. Last night I watched the episode where Reid discloses his nightmares to Morgan, he feels betrayed when Morgan tells him Gideon and Hotch know about Reid's nightmares. Later in the show, both Hotch and Gideon discuss the fact that no one could do their job without having nightmares. The personal lives of the agents make the characters come alive, and seem more realistic,as when the team is facing down the young man, Owen, and Reid talks about his own experiences being bullied, and therefore the audience can empathize with the unsub, even though he will be arrested. The sociological and psychological aspect of the program gives the audience an insight into why an unsub became the became a criminal. The history of the team becomes a subplot in the main story line, and that makes the show more interesting and well rounded. In some cases, as in the story about Owen, it also serves as a warning for people who ignore bullying (a lot of kids go through that, it's part of growing up) mental illness (we don't believe in that big city psychology stuff) child abuse (we mind our own business around here), and so on. One thing that disappointed me, was killing off Reid's girlfriend, he has had so much tragedy in his life, would it hurt to let him have some happiness? I'd also like to see some mention of Morgan dealing with his sex abuse issues; I think it is important for males especially to see the value of therapy or even a support group. As was disclosed in the episode about Buford, ignoring trauma can have devastating effects. I do find Garcia's sexual banter with Morgan annoying, and quite frankly a bit offensive. The writers should always have her assume that when she is talking to Morgan in the field that she is on a speaker, as per the situation when Strauss was with the team, and she said, "talk dirty to me" It's gets a bit nauseating after awhile, and I wonder if the "instigator" of the sexual innuendo was a man, if he wouldn't have been reported for that.