'Arrow'd'. A show being Arrow'd means it went from being great, to utterly terrible. Arrow has been Arrow'd. Remember when Arrow was easily one of the best Superhero TV shows ever? And was even one of the most quality shows on television? When the writing was gritty, mysterious, and left you wanting more? When each character would enter the show, they'd bring a new and dynamic approach? How every villain would differ from the other? If you don't remember that, then you probably started watching after s2. And for that, I sincerely apologize.

Now let's get down to business. Arrow used to be great. Hell, Arrow used to be a lot of good things. Now there isn't a positive thing to say. The writing is below par, the story lines, the plots, character and/or development are all terrible. Felicity isn't the problem, it's the writers. Guggenheim & co. They took a very good character, and milked the absolute crap out of her. Felicity Smoak should of NEVER been a main character. She was at her best when she was only supporting. Characters like Felicity should never be main characters on Superhero shows. Soap Operas & drama's? Hell yes, for sure. A character that brings nothing more than romance, and Soap Opera-type drama should never of even touched Arrow. 

Now the overall writing. It's bland. It's cliché. It's BORING. We are COMIC BOOK FANS. We don't come here to cry over relationships, or intend to see 40 minutes of pure drama. We come to watch Green Arrow beat up bad guys, save his city & just be downright awesome. (Keep in mind, this review is for the present Arrow, s3 & 4. S1& 2 is a whole different ball game.) 

And lastly, the acting. Let's talk about the god damn acting. Back in the golden age of Arrow, we experienced good acting. We were drawn into the characters, the actors made us genuinely care about them. Amell was strange, dark & mysterious. He was destroyed inside. Bennett was brutal, he was menacing. He never let up. We wanted to hate him, but Manu's dynamic ability to show us so many sides & layers to Wade Wilson was phenomenal. Now we get sub par level acting. No dynamic abilities. No layers. No thought provoking performances, or performances that make us go "OH MY GOD". It's the type of acting you expect from a crappy Romcom. And ironically enough, it's the sort of acting that you expect from a Soap Opera. 

Overall Arrow really doesn't deserve the popularity it's still getting. It's a clear & utter cash cow of a project. Passion & dedication completely went out of the window when Kreisberg & Berlanti left and gave Guggenheim control. Nobody is involved with Arrow that actually cares about anymore. Writers & actors alike. Now all it is, is a shell of its former self. A show completely destroyed & ripped to pieces by itself. 

1/10 DO NOT WATCH S3, S4. I highly recommend watching S1 & 2. Those seasons were amazing. Also, I don't recommend tuning in for the upcoming seasons. I have no faith in Arrow anymore. Tune into other shows. I highly suggest Netflix's Daredevil. Daredevil is the sort of show that Arrow would of been if Guggenheim was nerve given complete control. Hell, Daredevil is even a step up from the early Arrow seasons.