This has got to be the most overrated show in the history of TV series. The idea at the beginning of this show was great, but the character of Oliver, is awful. How can the writers let this be like that? Did they ever read the comics? Oliver Queen was a joyful character with a lot of jokes. That was special about him, that even if he lost a lot, he still had the power to smile and make funny jokes. All of this just makes the show bad from the start. Instead we see a robot with no personality that falls in love with anyone anytime. Season 1 was OK, but it was obvious that it was mediocre at best, and that was written by people who knew nothing about writing a good screenplay. The worst part was that they kept that "my name is Oliver Queen" thing and "previously on Arrow" although every episode, apart from the season finale, had no connection what so ever with the other episodes, except the characters.

Another bad thing was the obvious "made up as the show went on" thing. The writers were always changing the story, so that the story on the island could fit and be the same like the one from the present. It just doesn't feel right, and this can't be just a coincidence. Probably the best argument for this would be the episode from season 2 when Oliver caught Sarah, and the first thing he remembered was how she drown with the yacht in the beginning of season 1. Really? Shouldn't he remember the last thing that happened between them that got Sarah "killed". Can no one else see that? Are the writers so stupid to contradict themselves always when they need to introduce someone new to the show. The finale was stupid, stupid, seeing at the end that Oliver was transported in Hong Kong, from the island and somehow he made it back. Really? Am I supposed to buy this? I can guess that at the end of third season there will be another person like Amanda that comes and take Oliver back to the island or some place else. That's just obvious "made up on the way" people!!! About the mirakuru I have nothing to say except, another contradiction, a very convenient coincidence that on the island Oliver had a cure, and in real world he had again a cure for Slade. It just feels stupid that all the show is centered about Oliver making choices between right and wrong, it's just like a propaganda. Next when Slade soldiers were encountered first by Oliver he couldn't even hurt them, but in the end he fights them like they are usual people although detective Lance was seriously injured by one of those thugs. How can no one see this contradictions in the show? Are they so well hidden, or only the brainless are watching the show right now. Probably, because there are few votes for each episode, and only high ones, from those who think the show is good, but in reality, people with brain left the show a long time ago... If the writers want to make a link between the present days and Slade from the island, why can't they show something else, and then in season 3 or four show how Slade got injected, and became so bad. Watch LOST and see how some things are left unresolved and then the writers show how everything happened and surprise you. But here there is no surprise, you know that Oliver did something to upset Slade, and you're just expecting that. Bad, bad and bad!!! I have nothing to say about this stupid show, that had potential, but it was destroyed by stupid writers. In the future, if you want to see a good hero movie/TV series, watch one that portrays well the comics and is real, in what can it be, like The Dark Knight trilogy.

The writers from this show decided, to destroy another show, The Flash, and I strongly recommend that you don't watch that either!!! 1/10 Totally awful!!!