Another Comic Book Superhero show that gets high ratings because... its a comic book superhero. People are easily entertained, and by the 8+ stars this show had on IMDb there's no reason for Hollywood to change a thing. You can throw any piece of superhero garbage out there and people love it. I honestly believe if you made a comic book called The Hot Dog people would watch it.

The Hot Dog is about a guy (Timmy Frankfurter) who works in a meat processing plant. The cooperate CEO's are having the lab work on a new meat preservative that the FDA is unaware of and has not been tested, but could make the company hugely more profitable. They accidentally leave some of the new preservative laying around and Timmy is accidentally injected. The preservative disfigures him, resembling a walking, talking wiener, but in turn, makes Timmy preserved himself, rendering him impervious to anything but fire. The Hot Dog shoots a relish like substance from his nose that sticks to anything it touches, thwarting any oncoming attack. Or he blows an onion-like gas out of his ears that burns peoples eyes, basically incapacitating them....

Now, I understand that makeup and CGI will have to work on a Man/Hot Dog with ears and a nose, but I'm telling you people would watch it. Just put in a couple outlandish-looking weapons, 2 or three big explosions each episode, and finally (of course) 2 hot girls making out and I guarantee 3/4 of the reviewers would give it 8-10 stars. They'd write crappy reviews like, "Original. I was entertained and strangely hungry throughout the entire show." or, "I felt for the Hot Dog and his inner battles. It reminded me of my battles choosing between ketchup and mustard..." I once heard someone say that people will applaud anything, and it is so true. People are entertained because they think they were supposed to be entertained... People, it is okay to actually think.

BTW, If anyone wants to by the rights to The Hot Dog, please contact my agent.

So, to my long awaited Arrow review.... It sucks!