Most overrated show I've seen, ever.

I know that a lot of TV is awful, but gets swallowed up because people do not venture far from the mainstream, dumbed down, hypnotic crap which constantly flows through the screen like a sewage pipe. However, I did not know that the amount of people, who are this uncultured and blind to any critical thought was this huge.

IMDb used to be (still is in many cases, it's a good site either way) a reliable source for figuring out whether a show/film was worth looking into, put seeing the high ratings of Arrow (which is 8.2 at the time of this being written) and the latest Hunger Games movie, I've lost hope.

The spoiler free premise: Rich brat kid goes on a boat trip with his dad, he's got a coke problem and lacks moral and discipline.

Boat sinks, everyone dies except him. He manages to maroon himself on an island, during this time he somehow manages to survive without any food nor drinking water (and probably with some bad coke withdrawal symptoms). He makes a bow out of what he can find on the island, gets really good at hunting animals and survives long enough for another ship to find him.

Well, this doesn't seem too bad, leaving out some of the back-story and other revelations of course.

But for some reason, he is now a parkour master, with martial arts skills, hacking skills (did he practice on a homemade computer he built out of wood and bear skin or something, maybe he powered it by putting a propeller in a tube and farting really hard to make a wind-turbine?).

Now, what he should have done on that island, is trained on his damn acting. Because it blows. If I was an actor in LA trying to make a name for myself, I would of bought the box-set and hit myself in the head repeatedly until I died from head trauma.

But if that isn't horrible enough, the entire cast share the most stale, unnatural, awful, awful acting abilities as the lead. It wouldn't have surprised me if the director got blown by every, single, member of the cast to be on this god forsaken show.

It's just so sad to see resources which could have fed starving children go to waste on this melodrama of an "action-show". Too bad dramas require acting, which the cast does not suffice to provide. It should be called "bags of skin who might actually be robots reciting the terrible writing of a talentless person on camera held by another talentless person who somehow managed to get payed and recognized in a extremely tough business" instead of acting in this case.

The style of this series is extremely similar to Smalville, with a lot of bright light and water drops in the eyes of the pretty female actresses to make them look better (which is the one thing they actually can do, for the most part), with the oily 80's pornflick filter and the half-arsed special effects. Though, Smallville actually being a half- decent show, gets a pass.

There was one scene I laughed out loud at (it wasn't actually the scenes where the director/writer intended it to be funny, because those scenes were so try-hard funny that I literally cringed), it was a scene where Mr. Arrow shoots an arrow next to this generic "bad guy's" head, the "bad guy" says: "Hah, you missed!" whereas Mr. Arrow replies "I didn't LOL.".

Apparently, he shot the the arrow (which actually had a flashdrive instead of a tip!) into the usb slot behind the "bad guy", which also contained a virus (which Mr. Arrow had taught himself to program on the island... or something?) which brought down the evil database, epic! 

Haha!

Great writing indeed, no clichés included! I actually dislike this series so much, I feel good writing how awful it is, maybe I can discourage a single person to watch this lobotomy of a show and that would be enough to make me feel glad.

TL;DR:

Horrendous acting. Cliché-ridden, awful, hole-ridden, unoriginal and uninspiring writing. Horrendous acting. Overrated by people who would drink the kool-aid as long as the trailer had explosions in it. Directing and special effects on high school film project standards (that's actually insulting to high schoolers, since they actually have creativity, sorry). Acting, horrendous. Terrible makeup. Jokes and humour about as hilarious as reading obituaries.

Acting; horrendous.