Then this will be an amazing show.

If on the other hand you set your own standards and can read beyond the 9th grade level well, you'll find the dialog, premise and sensationalism just too void of all reality and sensibility. The characters interaction with one another is very one dimensional and monotone. It's like they're robots with the single emotion of despair.

The male characters conversational scenes all have that "I.....love....you..." innuendo much like Smallville, Supernatural and most any show that has been produced by the CW or the people involved in these shows. The only thing missing from the homosexual innuendo is the scenes followed up by glorified anal sex.

The dialog is just outrageously terrible. As if everything in these character's lives is emotionally draining and just having a simple, normal, human conversation is beyond their coping abilities. Every conversation is a scene of coping! It's just so manipulative in an attempt to get the consumer deeply empathizing with the characters and creating a very unhealthy, unnatural emotional attachment to fantasy rather then finding these needs within their REAL relationships!

EVERY show on CW does this and I truly see the fate of our species being quite dire as the consequence. Sure, it's your fault for watching but just as much theirs for making it available.

The action varies from awesome to stupid. We have the nonsensical flipping, spinning, acrobatic maneuvers that would get you killed along with a man with a bow and arrow out gunning 12 men with fully automatic weapons that never seem to run out of bullets. How is that good entertainment? It's just the same crap I've been seeing since I was 8 years old that became increasingly stupid to me starting at about the age of 15. It went from well I am watching for the outrageous, unbelievable fantasy action film or show to, why am I still watching this crap? 

It's a lot of money to deliver us the same nonsense we're used to. They're exploiting the immaturity of the current generation who has decided to let the world set their standards and assume that since everyone else is going along for the ride, their standards must be high. I just see no point in taking the action style of Hercules Legendary Journeys and giving it a bigger budget and more takes so the editors can churn out something suitable for prime time. 

Face it, you're a bunch of half wits with pathetically low standards if you're over the age of 16 and think this is an "awesome!" show. It's a show for children, teenage girls and middle aged women like most of CW's programming.