I love this so much. There are good plot lines throughout every series and the characters are so well rounded. It is a wonderful mix of humour, tension and action.

I think the actors are brilliant, even the young ones like Teilor Grubbs who is an amazing Grace Williams. The shots of Hawaii itself are something on their own! It shows some fantastic locations and beautiful shots. 

I find the team's interaction to be interesting. Each of them bring something to the group that works well and doesn't seem to be added in just to fill a space. Steve has the expertise in 'how' to get things done; he seems to plan things well and can think on his feet. Danny is the one helping Steve stay in line and providing a solid partnership to his ways. He wears his emotions so much more openly than any of the others and it really makes me feel for him, especially when you see him interacting with children.

Kono is originally the newbie but she rapidly works her way into being a more solid member of the team, she is very much the heart of the team, able to connect with each of the other characters (though, to be fair, all the characters get along with each other well). Chin seems to be the most comfortable with technology, he can work his way through databases well and he also seems to be the 'voice of wisdom', making the others think for a moment before rushing off.

I even love all the other characters. Kamekona makes me laugh, but he can provide more than just a moment of comedy, Rachel is a strong woman who I ended up liking more than I wanted to, Cath is a woman I also really liked as she isn't some simpering damsel but a brilliant character on her own (even though Steve could treat her a little better with regards to actually dating her), I love Max to bits, though I miss his music he played in series 1, and the others are also wonderful.

The whole thing is engaging and difficult to stop watching.

Honestly, the only problems I have with it are that I have to wait to get the new episodes and no one seems to wear seatbelts. ♥