SOOOOOOO boring. so f*cking boring. and its not just the gritty depressing cinema verite thing. everyone quotes it like its so badass or something "i am the one who knocks!" like seriously? 6 seasons and thats the best quotable line? I did think that scene where the dude dies by the pond or the other dude got half his face blown off was pretty cool but daredevil had WAYYY more badass moments in its first season than breaking bad had in its entire series. (the hallway scene and the car door scene alone top that) I only watched it all the way through because i expected based off of what everyone said that at some point this yawn fest would actually get good. It didn't. One of the few scenes i enjoyed was the one in the finale where Jesse is crying tears of joy tearing away from the compound, because thats exactly how i felt finally being done with this god-awful series.

Lets start with the fact that everything is just painfully slow paced. It always starts with an establishing shot of some insignificant detail that is later revealed to the viewer, yeah that gimmick was cute the first time but the fact that you have to do it EVERY. SINGLE. EPISODE. It just shows how lazy and gratuitous you are with faux- profundity and wannabe art-house bullsh*t. Trying to be all Gaspar Noe with it but you really end up like granny at the family reunion with a camcorder. I feel like stewie from family guy, "every hot girl with a camera thinks she's a photographer, ooh, you took a black and white picture of a lawn chair and its shadow and developed it at save-on, you must be so brooding and deep." Thats exactly the impression i get from this show. Its poorly shot, generally hand-held instead of jib, the colors all washed out like they shot it on a hi-8 back in the 90s, and i get that its an artistic choice, but its a completely superficial artistic choice that combined with the droll acting, minimal action, and just general lack of any compelling anything provides a general air of a show that is trying immensely hard to give the appearance of a thoughtful reflection on the somewhat misanthropic nature of good and evil and humanity, but in fact, is just sincerely full of itself. 

Walter White cooks meth. Walter white makes a deal with a drug dealer. it goes south and he has to kill him. Walter White makes a deal with his boss. it goes south and he has to kill him. Walter White makes a deal with his bosses boss. it goes south and he has to kill him. all of this could have taken place within a single season, without all this unnecessary talk about veggie bacon and star trek and speaker systems, its like they were trying so hard to capture dialog that wasn't clichéd or hadn't been done before, that instead they just literally picked the most boring parts of the human experience and captured it on tape. I spent 6 seasons thinking to myself, i don't give a f*ck about any of these characters. Why should i give a f*ck about any of these characters? Which one am i supposed to be rooting for? Emotionally invested in? Its trying to be like that whole pulp fiction royale with cheese thing where people are just gabbing about something unrelated but the reason that scene was so effective was because it was juxtaposed against what they were there in that car to do. But this whole show, even the spin off, it literally took them 20 minutes to do a scene to illustrate, Saul can't sleep. Kim just woke up. Saul left a voice mail with a off key song on it. 20 f*cking minutes. SO. BORING. None of this is important, or vital to the plot, or interesting, or relevant, or, as it tries so desperately hard to be, an exploration of the human condition. And i get the need to not be some pulp action film that is just filled with gratuitous violence and explosions, but i'd rather that than gratuitous boredom and obnoxiousness. If not a show that is primarily kinetic and physical, then at least provide a PSYCHOLOGICAL, cerebral experience that doesn't feel like scraping a cheese grater across my forehead.