I decided to stop watching it in the middle of third season because I cannot stand it anymore and I can care less about what happens next.

A few weeks ago, I was looking for a good TV series through Netfix and saw "Breaking Bad" title. I heard about it previously and it had a great rating as well as on IMDb, so I gave a shot.

Wow, are you kidding me! This series is like an American version of those Korean or Taiwanese screaming, tearing, slow-paced TV drama shows. Don't get me wrong. Those kind of shows are extremely popular in Asia and my mother loves them except me. I agree that everyone has standards when it comes to show and film; however, this as the best in America where Hollywood resides... NO. Well, comparing to others, it could be the best and that's why I gave it one star rather than none.

"Slow-pacing" is perceived differently. I don't consider "Tree of Life" as slow-paced and I think it is one of the most inspirational movies ever made. "Tree of Life" conveys ideas with a flow of images more often than words. Through images and occasional dialogue and narratives, it leaves bread crumbs for audience to find the clues. I thought it was brilliant and the way, it showed me, intrigued me and carried me emotionally to the end.

Now, about "Breaking Bad," it is very slow-paced because it showed me everything and that wasn't enough, it also told me everything. I got bored in the middle of first season but I really tried to like the series so I continued. I even started to draw (my past time hobby) while "watching" the episodes because I didn't really have to watch it anymore. Just by hearing it, I could learn everything about the story.

The WORST was all the screaming, yelling, arguing and tearing. Well, that wasn't as severe as Korean/Taiwanese drama shows, but it was just too much for me. I guess that is why it is so popular ... I mean look at all the reality shows. Doesn't the audience love reality TV people yelling at each other in TV? 9.5/10 on IMDb ... well, Iron Man 3 has 7.4/10 and tree of life as 6.7/10. This tells me everything and so sad ... so sad.