Please note that this review has plot spoilers.

I liked seasons 1 and 2 but was never very enthusiastic about it. It was thrilling but I would never compare "Breaking Bad" to series such as "The Wire" or "The Sopranos". Then again I am raising the bar too high. Let me be more realistic: This series is not as as good as series such as "The Good Wife", for example. It is certainly more exciting than "The Good Wife" but it is not so well structured because it runs in circles, instead of moving forward. The original plot, as good as it was, proved to be limited. They don't really have much to go on after two seasons so they started to do variations of the same plot. Variations that contradict and weaken the original story.

Indeed I think that"Breaking Bad", after watching its third season, is a minor TV series. 

The hand-held camera was just bearable in the first two seasons but it gets far worse in season 3. The wobbling is now constant and many times is abrupt, jerky. The close ups are especially irritating because you can't really look at the actors as the camera doesn't stop shaking. Of course, it is done on purpose because no cameraman working in a prime time TV series could be that bad.

It is done on purpose because of the short span of attention of whoever is the idiot behind the idea of shooting all episodes as if the series is actually happening in a ship on high seas.

Unfortunately, the story itself is also not solid. Season 3 has two new and ridiculous characters: Two assassins, carrying an axe around town, who could very well be in 'Saw XXII, the real last chapter' or any of those horror movies made for tedious teenagers.

Then, there is the absolutely not credible Jesse Pinkman who, despite being a loose canon, is still alive and well. Too well, actually. Faced with the possibility of making 1.5 million dollars in three months he decides that it would be better to open a divergent, dangerous and completely unnecessary "business" of selling drugs on his own to make a fraction of the money he could make in a far safer way. It insults the intelligence of the public. 

The directors of the series already ran out of ideas and are creating very artificial situations just to keep the series going on, no matter its growing lack of logic and credibility. I just couldn't believe when, in one sequence, the big boss meets personally with two street drug dealers. He, who was always so careful to keep his facade of a conservative and responsible businessman, was exposing himself in a way that didn't match with him at all.

Even more senseless is to see mister White, who became a criminal in order to provide for his family, risking everything he achieved to save Jesse Pinkman. The core of this series is that Mr. White's family comes first, no matter what. Mr. White would do anything, even become a drug dealer as he did , to provide for his family. Then he risks loosing his own life and the millions he was going to make for his family in order to save Jesse Pinkman! Let's not forget that Mr. White killed people before and let an innocent young woman die in order to protect his "business".

The only logical explanation for the many times he saves Jess, especially the two last ones, is that his family doesn't come first. Season 4 comes first...

The creators of the series want hard Jesse Pinkman in the story because he is the one with whom young people, the main public of this series, could somehow identify with. Jesse Pinkman can do all kind of stupid things and get away with them because, as long as there is a new season coming, he is immortal.

Season 3 has now several flash backs to explain things that happened during seasons 1 and 2. One flash back, for example, explains how Jesse Pinkman got a RMV. The first problem with that flashback is that it shows Jesse and his friends partying the whole night. One of the friends who was in the party, if you check season 1's episodes, was actually in jail by that time...

It is most revealing about the weakness of season 3 that a whole episode is about the chasing of a fly. Yes, they wanted to show Mr. White's state of mind but a whole episode? Besides, Mr White, whilst chasing the fly in a laboratory, falls from a height of about 5 meters, hits a big machine and from there lands on a hard floor.

There is no way he wouldn't have, at least, broken a few bones but he was perfectly fine a few hours after the accident, the only memory of it being a band-aid on his head... And one of the most advertised qualities of this series is its credibility... I actually read that many people think this series is the best TV series ever. It is disheartening.

Season 3 ends with a big cliff hanger. I am pretty sure that it will be another cry wolf, like the so misleading cliff hanger from the last episode of season 2.

I can actually guess most of what is going to happen before it happens. Season 3 should have been the end of this series but, having in mind season 4, they over stretched the story. Many illogical things that happened in series 3 happened just to justify a fourth season. 

I dread to think in being subjected to another season of mediocre wobbling camera-work, reason why I will not watch season 4. Besides, season 4 will have all kind of unconvincing situations just for the sake of a fifth season.