There's a whole lot I really love about Arrow. Unfortunately, the writers continue to dilute the greatness with feeble clichés and annoying, character-breaking contrivances. These keep Arrow from being the classic show it could so easily be.

One thing that Arrow gets absolutely right are the dark, moody visuals. The series looks exactly the way it should - it's worth watching just for the great photography. Also worthwhile: the impeccable staging of the action scenes. The archery, the swordplay, the fist fights - everything feels real. This is swashbuckling done right.

Then there's the casting. Blond, square-jawed Stephen Amell looks much too good to be true, but, amazingly, he's got the personality to carry off his difficult role. He's believable as Oliver Queen, self-centered rich boy, and equally believable as Arrow, the merciless vigilante. The rest of the cast is pretty solid as well, but Emily Bett Rickards tends to steal the show as Felicity Smoak. It seems as if her character has been built up more than originally intended. Her likable, upbeat quality makes a perfect counterbalance to the Arrow's brooding ego.

Finally, the big season-spanning story lines are elaborate and reasonably clever. Alternating the present-day story with flashbacks to Oliver Queen's 'lost' five years is a bit of a contrivance, but it works. We get two stories for the price of one, and we get to see Queen's character from two points of view.

On the downside, there's just one problem: the endless, needless, melodramatic ANGST.

The writers of Arrow seem to think that the hissy fit is the highest achievement of Shakespearean dramatics. Unfortunately, having everyone act like drama queens isn't the same as actual drama. These are supposed to be *strong* characters, yet they frequently lapse into behavior that would seem embarrassing in a kindergarten class for spoiled brats.

A recent example (not much of a spoiler, even if you haven't see the third season finale): when Diggle finds out that Oliver has been working an elaborate deception, his first reaction is to get into a snit because HE wasn't told about it. This is a tough, mean, military dude. But instead of being relieved that his best friend hasn't been as completely off the rails as he seemed, Diggle is miffed because Queen dared to concoct a plot without letting him know. Oh, please!

This happens not just regularly, but incessantly. In just about every episode, every character has a scene or two where they have a demeaning, vomit-inducing whine about some terrible affront that's been done to them. "Never mind that I've just been saved from the League of Assassins, the deadliest killers on Earth - nasty old Oliver told me a fib!! Wah, wah, poor little me!" Sometimes, supposedly mature characters (especially the tough veteran cop, Quentin Lance) maintain this kind of sniveling, juvenile attitude for many episodes, over some trivial circumstance that doesn't even qualify as a significant plot point.

Despite this, I'm still a fan of the show. I think I deserve a lot of credit for that! I've managed to tune out all the whining, by gritting my teeth and occasionally closing my eyes. The fact that I've gone to those lengths is a testament to the really excellent aspects of this series. And, fortunately, there have been long stretches where actual plot takes over from the melodrama. That's when the true potential of Arrow shines through.

I've just read that Arrow is slated to return for a fourth season. Wouldn't it be great if the writers grew up a bit over the summer, and found more adult ways for their characters to interact? If they did, Arrow could be a true classic.

UPDATE: I'm revising my original 7/10 rating, all the way down to 2/10. Far from improving, this show has devolved into uninterrupted cliché and painfully contrived characterizations. Feeble on every level. Avoid.