If I was to give an alternative title for Arrow, "the sad demise of all straight men" would be it. In a parallel gay universe, our robotic hero goes through a series of ordeals armed with a ridiculous bow and arrows, barging head first, like a fool and spreading havoc among his numerous enemies with his terrible make up and constipated acting style.

The series started with an interesting episode chuck-full of parkour stunts (which are the strong asset that made me stick around for more) but sadly followed the well treaded path to Trivialville through Soggy Valley. At the moment it stands well into the region of Unwatchable where nothing-really-happens-ever!

The script and dialogue are badly written and use vague and simplistic words that don't really say anything, in a futile effort to suggest that there is something going on. How many times does one have to hear of "the undertaking" or "the bad guys" before he changes the channel? The lack of plot or real action is supposedly balanced by drama and moral dilemmas. Well, let me tell you, a bulldozer could run over any of the main characters of the series and I wouldn't blink an eye because a. I don't care about any of them and b. they are paper thin, they couldn't get any flatter. They don't even seem to care for each other: someone disappears and no one mentions him again after two episodes. Stereotypes like the ex-marine, the computer geek, the criminally rich, the (not really) beautiful and sensitive idealized female, the tough cop, the spoiled playboy and the "cursed" but moral hero all appear in their most unoriginal incarnations possible. Biggest minus of the script: no male character seems to be genuinely attracted to women...

Biggest minus of the series lies with the cast of mediocre actors. Several sport fake English accent for no apparent reason, one speaks terrible Aussie and there is a British one that fakes American accent... go figure. Best actor in the show would be the central character's mother and that's just because everyone else is soooo baaaaad. Worst actor goes to Oliver-Arrow, the star himself (there are several other horrible actors but they don't get to annoy me for as long). How can anyone base a show on this guy is beyond me. His acting skills are next to null and he tries so hard to appear like a bad-ass that he usually accomplishes the opposite. In doing so however, he serves as a comic relief and perhaps can be watchable when the intention is to laugh at someone. 

For me this show accomplished something that I didn't know was possible. It made me dislike the comic as well so I give it a point for originality there. Also for the laugh I occasionally got from Oliver's acting (especially when he does his serious walk, or he tries to look pensive, or emotional...) it gets another point and this brings us to the total of 2 instead of 0. OK, seriously now. The one thing that Arrow has to offer and I genuinely enjoy is parkour, but it seems to be getting omitted as the series progress.

I leave you with two questions: Is Stephen Amell the worst actor on planet earth? Does anyone wear more make-up than Katie Kassidy?